[BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][BLANK_AUDIO]>> The man on the screen, the first screen there is my late friend Nathan.And he was a very big Joe Satriani fan.He learned a lot of Joe Satriani's music when he was a teenager.And during college for a little while, he was my guitar teacher.That's kind of how he became friends.And so I played that song for him.I got a little bit more to say about that in a few minutes.>> We want everybody to feel good.That's not the way life is.[BLANK_AUDIO]>> But you can tell if someone's lying, you can sort of feel it in people.And I have lied, I'm sure I'll lie again.I don't wanna lie, I don't think I'm a liar.I try not to be a liar, I don't wanna be a liar.I think it's really important not to be a liar.[MUSIC][MUSIC]>> I'm not sure exactly who he is.His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.[MUSIC][BIRDS CHIRPING]>> Jason is correct.That was his Lex Friedman interview.Good call.[MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC]>> Good morning, ladies and gentlemen from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.Another broadcast to try to dispel the enchantment.We need to keep learning biology.We need to keep learning immunology, what there is to learn.And we need to be like Galileo and call it like we see it.We live in interesting times, that's for darn sure.And we've gotta tend that garden that is our consciousness.And a lot of us have not been adequately tending that garden myself included.And that's how we got rushed.We got rushed.We got scared and confused into running into their trap.And so we've gotta stop, look around, and realize that they have been governing us by lies for generations.And getting us to attribute bad ideas to those that disagree with us instead of having a real logical debate with them.And all the while they have been fooling around with our money.I don't know if fractional reserve banking is the right thing to attack.Some people are already telling me maybe it's not the right thing to attack.But I have a feeling that our kids ought to know about it.Whether or not that needs to be changed or whether there's a time value associated with money.I don't really care about those things.I think that we should be talking openly about how our monetary system works instead of letting a bunch of inherited controllers.And a lot of half-witted controllers run that part of our society, which is a pretty important part of our society.And I think they want a lot of people not to see that.They would like it if no one really saw that.And we need to show it to everyone.And we need to teach it to as many people as we can.Yes, usury might be, might consider that evil.That might be the best way to think about it.And unfortunately, that's part of the monetary system and fractional reserve banking that no one, absolutely no one wants to talk about.And I think we at least have to talk about it with our kids so that they grow up with some idea that that's where money comes from.And we've also got to talk about this with our kids, the idea that they've been trying to figure out a way to invert our sovereignty to permission so that they can collect our data for a few decades now.If you learn our history before it's erased, you can actually find lots of evidence for a one continuous line of thought here, one continuous line of bamboozlement where they have been consistently lying to us about biology in order to enslave us by this mythology.And we've given them power, actually our parents did, and we need to take it back. It's going to be very hard.As he knew what he was talking about when he said that, you almost never get it back.But I do think it's possible if we teach our kids that our kids can get it back.And in so doing, if we teach our kids, we might actually make gentle the life of this world rather than the chaos that I think these theatrics are designed to bring about.And I am kind of focused on America only because that's where I live and that's where my influence is. But I want everyone in the world to understand that we've all got to start this resistance in our own locality, our own country, in our own province.And we've got to organize with people who are aware of it so that we can save people from this coordinated wave of lying.And if you're going to save your kids from this coordinated wave of lying, you're going to need to teach them to see it.You're going to need to teach them to swim in it, and you're going to need to teach them to surf on top of it.And that is not a small feat when the wave is composed oftentimes of the thoughts and feelings of those around them.It's a pretty complicated metaphor, but it works. That's where we are. That's why this picture has worked for nearly four years now.If you are here for the first time, you might be a skilled TV watcher or a skilled user of social media. However, if you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave where we stay focused on the biology.We don't take the bait on TV and social media and we love our neighbors. The way this works is if people share this thing everywhere, they pass it around.They just let other people see it and judge for themselves what we've got to say here at GigaO and Biological.And of course, there are some people who support, who send small and large donations, and that's enough to keep food on the table here with a little bit of consulting on the side, which is not actually happening very much right now.So if you have the means and you're motivated and you feel like you're getting something of value or that you can derive something of value from my work, please feel free to go to GigaOandBiological.com and find a way to help support the stream.There is a paradigm shift that's happening right now and there's a lot of people jumping ship. There's a lot of people trying to pretend that they were saying stuff when they weren't saying stuff that they said more than they said when they didn't.And this illusion is going to be sustained if you keep actively participating in it. And that means, that means following certain people that are actually still engaged in creating the illusion.They are actively engaged in making sure that you don't organize united non-compliance to make sure that you don't find a way to engage in non-compliance because you're asking the wrong questions if you follow these people.You're going down the wrong holes if you follow these people.I'm a human just like you. I'm a peasant. I rent my house. I scrape by by shaking a can on the internet and some consulting has gotten me this far because I helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr. write his Wuhan or cite the citations in his Wuhan cover-up book.And I also worked for CHD for six months, but now we are on our own and it is more difficult than ever for my family to make it and we don't sell anything other than this stream and when we can, the contents of our substack and the stuff that we're going to produce in the next few weeks, I think we'll also add a great deal of value to this.The other thing that we've been working and spending a lot of time on is trying to build and maintain a peer tube instance, which is a completely algorithm-free, you know, you can just find us there.You can find all of the videos that we've done in the last couple months there. And that's something that we are really, really helping.We really, really think is helping keep this alive. We know we're eventually not going to be able to do it forever.So we got to have a way of staying resilient. And that's one of the ways that we've tried to stay resilient.We're also live on a few places now, which also helps get it easier to share, which I guess, as I've said, is probably the most important thing you can do to help is to share the stream with your family and friends.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning, good afternoon, good night, wherever you are. It is 1046 a.m. in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage.The back door is open. It's a pretty nice cloudy day here, but it's warm. It's almost summer now. It's time for me to get on my motorcycle and take a break from this.It's starting to become, has started to become a little bit exhausting now that I've done a show every day for a while again, and gotten my feet in the pool.I'm now again frustrated with the maintenance of the pool. I'm now frustrated again with the behavior of the people on deck and the amount of horse, horseplay that's happening in the pool, rather than just people taking account of the fact that people have drowned in the pool and nobody cares.All these people are running around on the pool side talking about how people are injured by the transfection, but not calling it that.And I'm fine with that. I think that's an important thing and it's important justice to fight for.But because they're ignoring the fact that there are bodies floating in the pool, it seems kind of, I don't know, it seems kind of because the whole reason why there's anybody injured by the shots is because they told everybody that the people that died in the pool were actually killed by the virus.And so the shot might help them. Turns out that we just let a bunch of people drown and then said it was a virus.And so that's pretty crazy if you think about it. And that's the message that GigaOM biological has been circling around for about a year.And it's the only message that one can really have and be left with when you come to the realization that they lied about the presence of a novel spreading pathogen.And while it seems that a lot of these people should be well aware of that by now seeing as it's what, 2024 May 9.But they're not. They're acutely aware of all the dangers of the vaccines that they keep calling vaccines and all of the dangers of the adulteration of the vaccines that they keep calling vaccines, even though they could have called them transfections four years ago and probably persuaded 99% of people to reconsider taking them.They could have called out the murder in the hospitals in 2011 as being the impetus for people thinking there was enough reason to take a transfection if they wanted to.Because I talked to them about saying that, but none of them did.And so people can consider me bitter and people consider me, I don't know, upset. But the bottom line is, is that what you're seeing is what you would see if you saw someone who who witnessed or was visited by aliens and was pissed off about it because he can't tell anybody that takes him seriously.This is what happens when a professional biologist comes to the realization that there are a lot of other professionals around him that either have their head somewhere where it shouldn't be, or are actively participating in something that is extreme malevolence.And unfortunately for me, the reason why I feel this is because a lot of these people have been to my house, a lot of these people have shaken my hand and taken a selfie with me, smiled and lied to my face.So I have like the smell of their breath to go along with the lies. So for me, this is an extremely real thing.These people have been actually messing with my family because that's what you're doing if you're messing with someone who doesn't make any money, has no insurance for his wife, and is putting everything on the line since losing his position as a neurobiology faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.What's the story with Robert Malone? What job did he lose again speaking out about the adenovirus vaccine? Oh no, wait, he didn't speak out about that. Speaking out against the mRNA, no, no, wait, he didn't really speak out about that yet until like 2000 when?I'm not sure when he actually said don't use it. But has he really even said it?What other people have lost jobs? What jobs did, what sacrifices has Steve Kirsch put on the table, you know? What things, what happened to Pierre Corey's making $230,000 a year now as the FLCC president CEO guy?But he's also got an ivermectin book and so it's really hard for me to understand how it is that there are these doctors that have existed before the pandemic that were already anti-vaccine, before the pandemic that people all still ignore.None of those people are heroes because oh shoot, you knew, didn't you? None of them. Absolutely none of them are heroes. None of them are in the lead. None of these so-called heroes like, you know, multi-millionaire, serial entrepreneur, Steve Kirsch, which I just don't believe.It's more likely that somebody allowed him to bring some kind of DARPA idea to market and pretend it was his. Like come on. I've had so many conversations with that guy where either he's just, there's just no way.There's no way. I just, I don't even know where to begin with that guy.And so I find it really frustrating that we're here. I find it really frustrating that I've been telling a lot of people for a long time that there's good ways to say this stuff and they just say that I'm attacking everyone.It's not attacking everyone, ladies and gentlemen. It's attacking the people who have a consistent track record, which is available for everybody of not really telling the truth when they probably already knew it.Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb. Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.I think they lied about what happened. I think they turned up a bunch of knobs that would increase all cause mortality. They rolled out non specific PCR tests that they could use to correlate it. In fact, they didn't do that very early.And in America, even the, the, the events in New York City are not really well characterized by tests. They're, they're just declarations of COVID.Although infectious clones is a, a term that is, is, is probably not the best term. It is a term that is in the literature and it is a term that can be used by anyone on PubMed to start a self awareness journey where you start reading the methodologies of these papers and you will find out that the application of DNA and RNA to cell cultures.And then the, the product that is the production of viruses is the transfection and transformation of cell cultures with these DNA and RNA constructs. And because the DNA molecules or the RNA molecules are pretty pure.They call them clones and because they want to replicate infection, they call them infectious clones. But of course, this is probably a misnomer. We should just call them transfectious clones because they are transfecting with a clone, a molecular clone.And it's a molecular clone only because the molecules are the same. They want you to also think that this molecule represents a perfect copy of something in nature and that's what clone means.But it really doesn't because most of these constructs that they found in nature have never been found base for base, but most of these have been very, very fragmented sequences if they are sequences at all and then the missing fragments are filled in.It would be kind of like saying you went to a burnt down library and you found a few sentences and so that means that this book was probably present. And depending on what those sentences were, you might be able to be very specific or you might not be able to be very specific at all.And I'm afraid that with the background that is likely there, there have been decades of shenanigans played using, you know, just basic academic scientific methods and reporting methods specifically, you know, using p values and stuff to argue that you just produced some knowledge or you just found somethingsignificant has resulted in this in this huge literature base that seems to indicate that there is pandemic potential in nature when indeed there is not and there's no biological basis for the argument that an RNA molecule with just the right combination of bases could embark on a high fidelity journey that starts from a mud puddle and includes all living breathing humans on the planet and inthe endemic virus.So, the, the more likely case is was revealed actually in the video we watched a couple days ago with Judy Mikovits where she said that these these XMRV viruses are actually latent viruses they're everywhere.The vaccines may activate them and and create a vulnerability. And I think that that is a very, very interesting hint into the, the narrative that is again, I would argue one continuous line of bad ideas that extends all the way back to Hillary Koprowski Stanleyand you know, David Baltimore.And Gardner and a guy by the name of Levy and rascati and Mikovits and all of these people were involved in kind of curating the narrative of retro viruses and slowly releasing the idea that there are retro viruses in people, but releasing the idea in a way to make sure that you understood them aspathogens even if they're T cell leukemia viruses you have to think of them as leukemia viruses not as T cell viruses, not as viruses that T cells might use. And then there might be a pathogenic version or a pathogenic state where T cells are releasing these exosomes in a pathogenic way.And so this, this discovery and its understanding had to be released in a way in, in my hypothesis to be completely divorced from our own biology so that they could have no ethical constraints with regard to studying them and even releasinginfectious RNA or let's say transmittable RNA or potentially transmittable RNA into the public would never be and could never be misconstrued as testing some kind of genetic kind of technology on people because look at these these things are all outside of you the only thing that your body does is DNA to RNA tothrive is owned a protein. And so now they have basically whether you like it or not created a scenario where bio weapons and all the enzymes that would fit inside of bio weapons are also have their homolog in viruses and so anything that they might make anything they might find anything they might release fits under this broad rubric of stuff that's outside of you, instead of being something they found inside of you by mistake by accident,or kept secret, and then weaponized against us in the form of stories in the form of evidence for the need for public health and in the this sort of narrative that that RNA pandemics can occur.And I don't think you can underestimate how people with good ideas would rise inside of a structure that wanted to do this I don't think you can underestimate how many, how fast and how vital it would be to identify these people court them and then get them into this system years ago already, so that they were in positionand in place and that's why a lot of these people had books in 2017 18 and 19. That's why some of these people had their most significant thing in their life happen in 1718 and 19, like Peterson and and and Weinstein and all these, you know, nobody's that suddenly became kind to somebody, almost forcibly but only on social media.This is part of the fifth generation warfare and this is when it started it started really, really hardcore on the internet in, you know, a few years before the pandemic.And it's really easy to identify it if you can, you can take the time to get a helicopter view of that history and, you know, if you're going to spend time on the internet watching videos try to learn what people said in 2019 and you'll find it extremely revealing how many people were thinking pandemic.When I was, I don't know what I was thinking in 2019, but I certainly wasn't thinking pandemic.But I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain.Now we've played this guy a lot. And I have made the argument that he is a public facing brochure, which means that he tells a cool story, but it's a very abbreviated very small version of the real story that was actually what worked on us.We don't use the internet just to spread the rumor of asymptomatic spread we don't just use the internet to spread rumors of a deadly virus with videos of people falling on the sidewalk.But we also put a lot of people in place in 2020 to make sure that the worst case scenario of a billion people dying was taken seriously to make sure that people thought that the the best case scenario which is zero COVID was also taken seriously.We had to get people online to make sure that masks and every other thing like that was just kind of common sense that shutdowns were not crazy that we should just you know if they're taking it this seriously then maybe we should too.We had to have all those people in place. And indeed they were.The trick is to go back to 2020 and see who they were and be very surprised that it's not who you think they were.There were lots of people who were dead on balls narrative in 2020 that that that should not have been there's no reason why they should have been on the fear and cleavage site and the spike protein in 2020 but they were.There's no reason why people should have been talking about the transfection making the virus evolve in 2020 but they were.And they were sending me papers about Merrick's disease and encouraging me to talk about it too.Maybe you should write a review about that.And so we were all played and I was one of the biggest played ice I fell for it hook line and sinker oh my gosh I was in I was in the in the Scooby Doo van and everything.And now what is this evolved into is essentially something like this.And over there in the gray you will see a group of people that says that the covid shots are bad but don't talk about 2020.And Peter McCullough is probably the closest to starting to exit that group that's why I have him right here near the border.Because he has the the the cojones to say that the vaccine schedule the whole vaccine schedule is probably bunk.He's not explicit you know and saying giving people the whole truth and saying how easy it would be for them to compare it to other vaccine schedules compare it to the schedule how much they get and when they get it what's required and what's not and find out the difference and then see why that might be a little scary.But he does say it's bad and that's already extremely good and I think probably extremely risky for him.But he's also very very forceful that there was a virus that long covid is real that the spike protein has something to do with it.And he is that that's a problem still so we've got to help him but you know I've said it before and I'll say it again not everybody on the covid shots are bad don't talk about 2020 team.The worst case scenario team those people are not all bad some of them have been fooled like I was because they believe multiple of these people.If Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch agreed to lie to Brett Weinstein I posit that two against one Brett Weinstein would be outmatched it's not because Brett Weinstein is dumb or smart it's because when two people agree to lie to you it's very hard.Now what's even harder is when two people agree to lie to you and one pretends to be your friend and one pretends to be your enemy but they're both actually messing with you because that's also happened a lot to me in this little diagram of people that's not complete.And so over here we have all the people who are now accepting the fact that there was not a pandemic they lied about it and they.They did a lot of things to make sure that we would all be too afraid and too confused to see that they were lying about it.The only question I have for some of the people up there in the corner is that why didn't they more succinctly say this in 2020 21 or 22 or 23.And I'm also a little disappointed that I tried to help them say this in 23 and tried to bring them together with CHD and that blew up like a like a like an inverted nuclear bomb.And it shouldn't have it really shouldn't have.And now I'm very comfortable with being a lone wolf or whatever it was that Brett Weinstein called me.I don't I don't need any supporters other than the ones that want me to explore the truth.I don't need to bridge.I mean, the most important thing right now is to find the people that are true.I think Nick Hudson's doing a pretty good job.I think Mike Eden is doing a pretty good job.I think Thomas Binder is doing a pretty good job.I think what I see of Denny Rancor I really like and I think so because Bacchus at least halfway there and he spoke out so early and he knows so much about immunology that, you know, I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt all the time.And he also lives in Germany which is, you know, probably one of the worst places in terms of the way that they experience what what their Lollapalooza stage looked like was probably nuts.And so here we have this group of people that I'm absolutely convinced for whatever reason their goal has been now for the past four years more or less to make sure that we got through 2020 and the beginning of 2021 and all the shots came out without much doubt of whether, you know, there might be something scary out there.They maintained the possibility of there being something scary something possibly from a lab leak they maintained that for the whole of three years 2020 21 22 all of these people did on the on the gray T shirt side over here.And that's a real problem right because that's basically no progress.Even though we found out that more and more people were killed. We found out more and more different ways that people were killed in the UK and America.And we've come to understand the, the, the sort of gigantic fraud that that was perpetrated in New York that probably would have been very difficult to discern in 2020, unless you were really astute.But of course we were all locked down and there was other things so everybody was very afraid and confused. And so it would have been very hard and you can forgive yourself eventually I can forgive myself eventually for not having seen through the chorus of liars.And the magic of it is that they don't lie about it they're not lying about everything they just have to make sure they don't question the existence of a novel virus that, you know, at least hundreds of thousands if not a few million people were killed by I mean, maybe we got the numbers wrong or we exaggerated it butthey would have saved a lot more people had they just let us use ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine from the beginning, but they had to block the use of those because if there was anything effective they wouldn't have been able to roll out their vaccine that these people still can't callthey're not going to be able to get the vaccine none of them can, which is really bizarre because it's a pretty easy thing to do and I've been trying to get any of them to do it since 2021, or with the case of like, I don't know, Bobby it's 2022 but maybe everybody else knows that I've been saying it since 2021.I never looked anymore. It's too easy.Using the wrong words is evil.Being too simple or or or too complicated is is essentially dishonesty.And I believe that a lot of these people have been engaging in this for a very, very long time for some other motives. It's not about our grandkids it's not about sovereignty it's not about freedom and it's not about America.That's the part that frightens me most. You want to believe that somewhere in America there are patriots and I believe there are.But I'm also starting to believe at this stage that patriots should be wearing a flag upside down.Because the Republicans aren't going to save us the Democrats aren't going to save us.That has to be clear by now isn't it and so what is even if even if I mean even if Trump is a good guy how's he going to save us when the Republicans the Democrats are.I don't I don't understand.So for me it seems to me that the only way this works is a grassroots rejection of the way that we are governed and we are governed not only by our our pollut performing politicians.Who have no cameras on them while we have more and more cameras on us every day.But we're also governed by these people on the internet.The people that we are shown on the internet.It's not it's not grassroots by which.John Bowdoin is going to be on on Dr. Drew.And it's not grassroots by which John Bowdoin got sucked into the Kevin McKernan Steve Kersh steering committee group of people.And steered away from people like me and Nick Hudson and others who have been very consistently trying to promote the idea that look we've got to first reflect on on the fact that there might not have been a pandemic they might have just lied about it and John had data that shows that.But McKernan and Kersh kept him focused on the shots and focused on the shots and not focused on the fact that he's also got data that shows that nobody was dying of a respiratory pathogen in 2020.That's the fascinating thing.And yet somehow or another he let himself be taken by them and now that he's got a book and I think it's great his data is great.His message is great.I want people to absorb my message and say that RNA cannot pandemic this pandemic couldn't have happened.But be clear about it.Be sharp about it.I encourage John to keep working on his thing for like two years I had him on my stream a couple times and I did a stream with him on on St. Patrick's Day in 2023.I know he knows that I'm saying this.He's still just palling around with with McKernan and with Kersh and and pushing the idea that the shots are bad but don't talk about 2020 if you talk about 2020, then you've got to admit that Steve Kersh thought that there was a risk additive pathogen so much so that he I guess he donated some of his own money to findrepurposed drug combinations that were patentable.So he used his own money to try and make more money.And that's how he met Robert Malone is trying to find out how to get an EUA and of course that's what Robert Malone does right besides being the master of domain.Where he made an x-ray crystallography computer model of the three CL protease and then interface that with all known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the FDA catalog and under three weeks to identify.Ivermectin for Motadine.Selicoxib and and and and Remdesivir.Let's forget about 2020 when Brett Weinstein was wearing a mask and telling everybody to lock down we should lock down harder and that zero COVID was totally attainable he still thought zero COVID was attainable in June 2021.And when he agreed with Steve Kersh said if we just force medicated everybody with Ivermectin and Selicoxib for 30 days this would be gone.And so it's really a team of people that want you to forget that when in 2020 and 2021 when we could have had principles when Kevin McKernan who knows what transfection and transformation is could have said that J&J and AstraZeneca is a transformation and the coming MRNA shots is a transfection and they're bothtechnically just inappropriate for healthy humans but he didn't.And instead now he's saying that it's the double stranded DNA if we could just get it out.We wouldn't be throwing the baby out with the bathwater.It's not very dissimilar to what these guys are saying and what these guys are saying and what these guys are saying.And I do like Peter McCullough saying that the MRNA shot should be stopped it should have never been rolled out.I'll be at a few years late that's fine he's saying it at least but it is a few years late.Don't want to be too much of a creep about it I want to attack everybody like John Bowdoin says I'm doing but I'm just pointing out the obvious here.What should be obvious here they murdered people in 20 and 20 21 and if you don't if you don't say that that's the reason why people took the shots then claiming that the shots are a crime is kind of only half assed.That's the analogy of the swimming pool if you walk in and you have all these people in a swimming pool running around saying that the life jackets are killing people.I don't know it's really frustrating to me it's very very very frustrating to me because they murdered people so that people would be scared enough and confused enough to accept a gene transfection technology or gene transformation technology.And when Robert Malone could have spoke out about the transformation technology the AstraZeneca and the J&J shot he was too busy running domain and helping Steve Kirsch and his friends get EUA's.And running trials for Femmota Dean and other combinations with it.You see what happened was is that 2020 and 2021 happened with a bunch of people on the internet that were promoted that didn't have principles that were actually playing along.And that was all that was necessary a spectacular commitment to the narrative of a lab leak or a natural virus that needed countermeasures that needed early treatment novel novel substances.That commitment.Unwavering in these people over here unwavering in these people you can look at my videos from March, April, May, June, July of 2020. I was wavering.I was not fully committed to the danger of a novel virus I wasn't even convinced of the novel virus in 2020.I wasn't until extensive meddling at the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021 that I became convinced.Kinda.And that's what's evident in my review and on my website at the Scooby Doo link you can see where I was and how convinced I was.And it's because this show was extremely effective.And this isn't the only show this is just the show that's more or less personal to me.There were many shows and many stages in many countries and it was all highly coordinated. Why because it's for all the marbles ladies and gentlemen.It's for all the marbles. This is for your grandchildren's freedom. These people are working for slavers.And the target of the slavers is your children and your children's children.That's why there are also nobody's whistleblowing because you don't whistleblow on the slavers.And so you were either you're either co opted or you're ignored.And I would make the argument that all of these people who have had intimate long conversations with me ignore me because they are part of this.Don't talk about 2020 COVID shots are bad group.They are part of the same group of people that had all of us including me asking the wrong questions in 2020 and 2021.And that's why we couldn't save our family and friends from transfection. That's why we couldn't save our kids from lockdowns.That's why my daughter is behind in reading and behind in math a little bit because lockdowns put us all behind and we didn't we didn't pick up the ball at home.Like a lot of other parents didn't I'm not perfect. This is not about Jonathan Cooley being perfect. This is about Jonathan Cooley being exactly like you.Except I've read a few more biology books.Don't you ever think for one second that this you're watching a stream of someone who imagines that I'm the only one who gets it. I'm sure that everybody that watches this stream gets it and it's just as frustrated as me and all we need are more frustrated people.And then collectively we can lift each other up and we can start to turn this ship around. It's going to take years.As all the anti-vaxxers that came before before COVID can tell you it's going to take years. The only the only saving grace is that would COVID open the door and start at a momentum and if we can can can get enough of that momentum and use it to our advantage.Maybe we can overcome this seemingly unending parade of co-opted people that are willing to to shill for the for the slavers for the weaponized piles of money and the people that serve them.Because make no mistake about it. There are piles of money that are so big that people will do anything they say.And if those people won't do it someone else will do it. That's the offer that a lot of these people got. You don't want to write the book about Ivermectin will let somebody else do it dude.You don't want to be epigirl we can find somebody else to be epigirl or would you like to be epigirl. Could you do it. Do you think you can do it. I bet you can.Cool. All right. So we're in. Good.That's how it works ladies and gentlemen I'm sure of it and it started before the pandemic because this is for all the marbles.I got a very special study hall for you. Oh wait I didn't even change it. Darn it. Sorry about that. I changed it in the in the title of the Twitch stream.It's Biotrack webinar exosomes and it's got by the name of cash nachi. It was given in May 14th 2020 so I'm going to just change this right now because I can.Biotrack webinar exosomes and the thing is from May 14 2020.I better put a comma there. Dog on American dates. Okay. A little bit of tinier there we go. Okay there that's better so let's do this again.Show that should be right. Okay so today on Gigo and Biological Biotrack webinar exosomes May 14 2020 it is a package I have not opened.One of our one of your fellow viewers and chatters sent this to me and I'm very intrigued because it is a webinar that was given very early in the pandemic and so I'm curious as to what the what the take is going to be.But I assure you it's going to be interesting. It's got to be because the context is is isolating coronaviruses from exosomes which is not something that I've ever heard Vincent Rack and yellow or or Kevin McCurn and or any of these other expertjust that have stepped up in the pandemic. I've never heard them really explain the isolation of exosomes from coronaviruses or anything akin to that so I'm curious as to what we're going to see here and I'm curious as to how impressed we will be.If we're not impressed. Maybe we'll end it early. I don't know what we'll do. I'm not going to get too hardcore about it.I'm very happy to have gotten that off my, my, my head. I did call John Bowdoin this morning and I have to admit I shouted quite quite quite loud at John because he seems to think that what I'm worried about isI'm just going to say that quick.John, I called John Bowdoin this morning I ended up yelling at him and hanging up and it's not not my best morning.And so I probably should apologize to John for that but on the other hand, I feel like we're at a crucial juncture and for a long time I felt as though John was working with Steve Kirsch and others to kind of ignore me,especially with regard to clones because we've had a, we had a presentation together that I've shown a couple times on, on March 17th.And if you search for Cooey and Rose and McCurnon on on rumble, that's what will come up and Stephanie Sinef also presented and John Bowdoin also presented and it was a very cordial discussion about clones and why they're important.And Jessica Rose expressed her absolute fascination with and, and certainty that clones was an answer.And since then John Bowdoin and Kevin McCurnon and Jessica Rose have 1000% ignored me and the things that I've said since so no matter how much more developed my message has become, or how much more succinctly I can express these, these ideas.John Bowdoin, Jessica Rose, Kevin McCurn and have chosen to ignore me and Kevin McCurn and has gone farther and gone to block me and also more or less slander me as a, as a faker or as a, as a doesn't know what he's talking about kind of guy.When it's really strange because the last time we were on video together it seemed that I was explaining things to McCurn and that he didn't fully understand.And so it has become very clear to me that some of these people have just been meddling from the very beginning.Kevin McCurnon is very likely one of them because again remember he cut his teeth as a non PhD scientist, you know, pulling patents out of the human genome project and starting companies that's a really good way to keep people on your team.His dad was already deep involved in the biotech industry and so there is a level of multi generational malevolence here that involves, you know, the intimate machinery by which we are governed.And I'm afraid that somebody like John Bowdoin who, you know, who just is trying to do the right thing can be absorbed by people who are, you know, in person impressive, or seem very intelligent and knowledgeable.I'm pretty convinced that John Bowdoin was told by these people are convinced by these people that he shouldn't take me seriously or that I divide or whatever and that's why John Bowdoin is in with them and, and he focuses a lot on the shot and and he's fine with that because that's also justice that needs to be served and I agree with him.But I also believe that he's essentially being played because he could also be adamantly insisting that they they reveal that his data also shows that there was really no spreading additive respiratory pathogen he has no, there's no evidence of it but he doesn't seem to want to do that so it's strange.It's very, very strange, but, but we don't we can't really think to too hard about this. We just have to tell the truth as we see it, and then hope that other people will take it seriously.So this is the video I want to watch. I'm going to get my head out of the way for a second and start it over.I'm going to play it at 125. And I might need to go faster. I believe it's this guy in the bottom that's going to speak his name is Fata.So let's see what this is all about. If you have any questions while we're in the world or in this video feel free to put them in the chat and if I get them and read them I'll definitely try.Good afternoon. My name is Mark Nardone. I'm director and co founder of biotrack. Welcome to our Thursday weekly webinar series. I asked that questions be submitted in the Q&A box as they will be addressed at the end of the presentation this time for myths.For those who might not be familiar with our program, biotrack offers hands on training workshops for research scientists. These workshops, which are teams taught by active researchers, focus on the latest relevant techniques that are necessary for laboratory research.We were originally based at the national too to health for 30 years and biotrack is now located on Montgomery College Germantown campus in the bioscience education center. These workshops are open to the scientific community.Since the program's inception, we have provided hands on training to over 17,000 scientists. Along with our hands on training programs, we continue to serve the scientific community by offering biopanels, custom design training programs, weekly webinar series, hosting government and industry retreats and symposiums, as well as other key scientific events and outreach initiatives such as the Maryland Science Olympiad.Today, it's my pleasure to introduce to you Dr. Patah Pashanshi. Dr. Pashanshi received his PhD in 1990 under the supervision of Dr. Charles Wood, who also worked with Nobel laureate Dr. Susumu Tonigawa at MIT. He moved to the National Cancer Institute, NIH's intramural program and continued his work on RNA viral infections.I was once on an airplane with Susumu Tonigawa. I was actually on an airplane to Svalbard from Oslo to Svalbard, Norway, which is Spitzbergen. If you look it up on a map, it's above the Arctic circles, pretty cool place to visit. I flew a kite up there. I'm thinking I'm the only person who's ever flown a stunt kite and done a TAS up there.I wonder if I can do that. I can probably find it. Did I already show you that once? Maybe I did.I have another YouTube channel. It's just JJ Kui. And of course, this will get, I've got, you know, Wages Maxson in the studio. That's the music I chose, of course, because I was that cool already a long time ago.This is me flying in Svalbard in 2008.That's fast forward, of course. Maybe I already showed this though, so I don't need to show it anyway. The point to say that is that I was on this airplane with three Nobel Prize winners actually. So it was like a veritable, you know, what was it, the Bopper and the big Bopper and Buddy Holly and who was the third one.The guy who sings La Bamba, right? They all died on one airplane. It was really weird. All the people, I mean, all the people that studied the hippocampus were on the same plane. It was bizarre. And everybody at some point looked around and said, Holy shit, if this plane went down, it would be absolutely crazy.There's three Nobel Prize winners on this plane. So that was pretty, pretty nuts. Richie Valens, very good.And so of course, I was like, I mean, I was like, I don't know, an usher or, you know, I was nobody on that plane. I'm not at all including myself. That's how lucky my life has been and how many times it's been so interesting just because of the lucky choices I made.And so, um, yeah, anyway, Susumu Tony Gawa is a beast. I mean, a beast. He's legendary for his drive, you know, he's got two Nobel Prizes. That's what makes the sumo Tony Gawa so cool to think about that.Anyway, close this, I don't know. I'm not a very good watcher of movies.I'm a big fan of the other.During the past 10 years, Chansi's lab has also developed new litters on differences between RNA viruses and exosomes.His lab pioneered the novel separation of viruses from exosomes using various biochemical and biophysical methods from infected cells in vitro and bodily fluids.These separations are from HRV one, HTLV one, Rift Valley fever, the eeve Ebola and Zika infected cells. His lab was currently attempting to separate COVID-19 virus from exosomes and cell culture.Dr. Tonshi has published more than 225 peer review manuscripts and is a regular NIH study section member serving on 153 panels and sharing 17 of them since year 2000.He currently serves on a number of national advisory and review committees, including five NIH and NSF study sections.As director of biotrack, I've had the pleasure of working with PTAW for the past three years as he is a significant contributor to our semiannual hands-on exosome training workshop.This workshop has provided hands-on training to research scientists from local, national and international institutions.Without further ado, Dr. PTAW, Chanshi, separating viruses from exosomes. PTAW, they're all yours.Thank you very much. I appreciate it.Okay, Silver, we got a lot of work to do, right, when we open this can of worms, but that's what we do here.So now we're sort of going down. I'm starting to try and go down any exosome trails that I can find here.Anybody that was, "Oh, I forgot to tell you this one thing. Sorry. Can I go back? Can I just go back?"I'm sorry. I know sometimes it's like I'm kind of a dork.So I started this show today with a picture of my friend Nathan, who died late last year of a freak aneurysm, which I'm almost sure is because he was transfected.He may have even been boosted about a month before that happened.And I would have considered him my best friend. I mean, I didn't have, I don't have very many friends, but we became friends in college. We've been friends for many years.And I knew his wife the same day he knew her. They were both students of mine when I was a calculus tutor.And so back when I still know how to do math.And while Nate was still alive over a year ago, I bought these tickets to the Glenn Miller Band, the Glenn Miller Orchestra.I'm sure I bought them more than a year ago. And the reason why I bought them was because Nathan's uncle was actually one of the first, maybe the first or second drummer of the Glenn Miller Orchestra back when Glenn Miller was Glenn Miller.And so I ordered the tickets and I remember sending him an email saying that I was really excited to be taking my trombone playing son and my trumpet playing son to this show.And then this week, my wife reminded me we had these tickets and I had completely forgotten about them.[Music]And the crazy thing is that my sons had a really good time and they actually enjoyed it because of course high school band and middle school band and whatever doesn't do this.And they'd never heard their instruments played like that before so they were super stoked. I mean I thought they were going to hate it.But they were pleasantly, you know, happy about it afterward.At the start of the second set when they played that, I just couldn't hold it in anymore. I just, I can't believe that Nathan will never listen to a Joe Satriani song again or that we'll never listen to it together.That he'll never be able to listen to that music with his daughters because people are lying and they lied about murder so that Nathan would be scared enough not to listen to his friend.That's how this happened, that's how it happened to all of us.And I'm just absolutely shocked that more of these people are not able to enunciate this.Anyway, back to the, back to the study hall.You can hear me, is that correct?So thank you very much, Mark. I think, first I just want to say that I've been involved with your program for about three years as you mentioned, and I find it quite exciting and quite necessary.I think the workshops you have, I know that right now this is an issue with COVID-19 pandemic, but I'm hoping that this will resume because many of the technologies that you're showing here.You're showing people through these workshops are extremely necessary and really important for the research labs.And this is true of not only academia, but also government.What I'd like to do today is to go through a few examples of how we separate EVs from extracellular vesicles from viruses and I'll give you some examples of this.And again, it's not very difficult. It took us a little bit of a time to do this.The topics I want to cover, the first is about epidemiological evidence that these EVs actually do exist in infections.And these are not some in vitro artifact of us doing experiments in a laboratory.This actually does happen and takes place in people and in animals.So it's funny that he feels the need to say that this is not just a result of our doing experiments, but they're actually found in animals.It's funny that virologists never feel the need to say that.Shall I play that again? That's actually very significant because that really already presupposes that virologists are definitely right.I'm just trying to be right along with them, which I think is pretty mealy-mouthed.And it's typically, I guess, the way academicians work, right?What is this illusion that we're working on?I'm not going to be able to get the slide up in time, but the illusion we're working on is something like a train stopping thing.I don't have it in this deck, but people were pretending to stop and start the train like that guy in Italy that chalks his hands that I played that video so often.And so you don't want to get in anybody's way.And so one of the ways to do it would say what he just said, that, you know, extracellular vesicles are real.It's not just from how we do experiments, even though the funny thing is the main objection to virology is that they can't really prove that what they're seeing isn't just because of what they did.I.e. they threw a bunch of DNA or RNA on a cell culture and then they electrified it or they spun it down or they did whatever.And then they took the supernatant or, you know, they don't really prove what they say they prove.And that's the ground on which all these no virus people stand, but then don't go so far as to say they murdered people to protect that illusion.Because if they went that far in 2020 or 2021, then no one would have taken the shots.No one would have gone along this and the whole charade would have been broken in 2021 or even in 2020.Without these people committed to zero COVID committed to, you know, to focused lockdowns like the Great Barrington people.That's not a legitimate answer.No, we should just lock down old people and separate old people and concentrate the the transfections on the old people.That's basically what they were arguing.And I hate to tell you, Jay Bonacarya, but that's not really finding principles.That's actually that's actually like pandemic light, which is what zero COVID is pandemic light, which is what it what they lied about how dangerous the virus was.That's also pandemic light.Oh, no, they exaggerated the number of cases.That's true.But there was still a novel thing I had it three times as Merrill Nass.That's still pandemic light.And I'm arguing that RNA can have pandemic. Therefore, there is no pandemic light.And so again, remember, he feels the need to say that, hey, it's not just our experiments. These are real. This is not artifacts, but virologies never felt the need in 40 years to prove that what they do are not just artifacts of their methodologies.Pretty impressive and the ways to detect them is not very difficult. I'll use the HIV one as a goal.The external meological evidence.What I'd like to do the vesicles from viruses and I'll give you some examples of this.And again, it's not very difficult. It took us a little bit of a time to do this and the topics I want to cover.The first is about epidemiological evidence that these EVs actually do exist in infections. And these are not some in vitro artifact of us doing experiments in a laboratory.This actually does happen and takes place in people and in animals and the ways to detect them is not very difficult.I'll use the HIV one as a goal. Here's the problem.What do you see as the problem? He's not worried about extracellular vexicals and exosomes in health.He's looking at epidemiological evidence for presence of extracellular vesicles in infections, which means that he's basically a very sophisticated Tom Cowan or a very sophisticated Andy Kaufman because he thinks that as Mark Kulak has so eloquently put it that exosomes are just cells, turns.It's just a cell pooping.And so I have a feeling that's where this is going to go.They're not going to be, maybe they will be, but I bet they're not going to be useful signals.I bet they're not going to be signals that have their, their homologue in health, but he's going to focus exclusively on these as a subset of viral induced particles.I think that's where we're going, which is pretty disappointing, but again, it's not anything we shouldn't have expected.And in fact, I'm very glad to see it because this would fit right in with the overarching idea that I've been putting forth for a while now that Mark Kulak has been putting forth for a while now that exosomal communication is rather ubiquitous and not just in our own bodies, but between people and also throughout nature.And therefore this incredibly hot background of DNA and RNA has been misconstrued as a pretty clean background from which we can pull these incredibly hot signals like a novel coronavirus and then characterize their phylogenetic evolution across the world for years on end until we finally become resigned to the fact that I guess we're stuck with it forever,which is the story that Robert Malone was telling in 2021. I can show you video after video after video. In fact, I think Mark Kulak has uploaded a couple more videos of Robert Malone telling stories about that exact thing.It's kind of the opposite of what the reporter Garrett said in that CNN video in 2019, where she said the worst case scenario with one of these small lab leaks would be an endemic, would be the virus going endemic, meaning that we're stuck with it forever.Isn't it weird how these ideas just kind of percolate to the top of social media and television and and and highly produced movies before the pandemic and also afterward in 2020 and 2021.And almost as if there was a script to make sure that people could not exercise informed consent and just say no. Funny, huh? Okay, let's see how he's going to try to absorb this, this, this concept into virology and sort of, sort of wedge himself in there so that the virologist need him, but he doesn't threaten them.This sounds like to me, I'm going to give the virologist an excuse to acknowledge exosomes as part of their own story. Oh, gosh, I'm starting to get sick.Both standard throughout and toward the tail end, I'll tell you a little bit more about HTLB one. And again, that's another retro virus that integrates into the genome.And I'll use a so called low hanging fruits in many of these assays, which in this case is a non coding RNA called TAR, which is present at the five prime and three prime end of the genome.I will talk to you a little bit about the isolation methods and various biochemical tricks that we use to isolate these things or concentrate them further.And finally, I'll tell you a little bit about future directions and where I see significant issues taking place. And I'll bring up three separate items that are important.I want everybody to remember I'm sure this is this is common sense, but again, it's, I think it's important to remember that viruses by definition, especially the ones that are infectious, they have very well defined structures.So for instance, you have the, the so called lipid bilayer, you have the core, you have an RNA structure in this case two copies of RNA inside the virus.And once the virus matures the shape of that core changes and it becomes a little bit more dense on the electron microscopy.And this is not the case with the bees. And in fact, even though they have very similar sizes many times, including viruses such as HIV, TLV, or even COVID-19, roughly around 100 nanometers or so.But the composition, the membrane composition is quite different in the bees, the, the material inside is quite different and therefore they behave quite distinctly different in terms of functional analysis.So that's interesting. Let's go back and see there's one thing here in particular I find really interesting.And that MHC one and MHC two molecules are on the outside of exosomes. That's just extraordinary.That's just absolutely extraordinary.Some of these other CD transmembrane molecules also extraordinary.And then what do they say there's actin, there's tubulin in there. They don't say anything about mRNAs, but there can be enzymes apparently protein synthesis, histones, complement factor.All these things. I mean, you know, it's going to be impossible for them to characterize the, and that's what I think that Harvard scientists was interested in that was selling his technology to China and got some kind of Chinese warred metal.Taking $55,000 a year from the Communist Party. That dude, he was, he was doing some kind of technology that would be able to read the exosomes and plasma.And he said it was like a viral chip, but it wasn't really a viral chip. It was an extra, but it's an extracellular vesicle chip.So again, what, what are we arguing here, ladies and gentlemen, what we're arguing here is, and what we have been arguing is that the evidence for exosomal communication has been around for decades.They've known this, they know that it's very likely that exosomal communication probably even occurs between immune cells and maybe even by a retroviruses, but they've lied to us about it.And they've told us this story of leukemia viruses, they've told us this story about human immunodeficiency viruses as a way of completely divorcing ourselves, us from understanding ourselves, not telling us the truth, lying to us about the fact that our own bodies use retroviruses and our own bodies use exosomes.And that's why any of these signals are even possible to find.Because you cannot make a cuckoo clock make toast, a cell makes extra cellular vesicles. That's the only possible way that anything remotely resembling a virus could exist.The enzymes that are found in viruses cannot be enzymes that were developed by the evolution of viral species. That's not biologically plausible because viruses are not pattern integrities, they have to be by definition, a byproduct of this machinery.And now, in finding the truth, what we need to do is find people who are objectively willing to be honest and try to figure out what proportion of this could possibly maybe be pathogenic.Maybe represent some kind of infectious transfer of an immunological condition from one person to another, because it may be that we can't find evidence for that. It may be.But before we can look for that in earnest, we're going to have to reorient our understanding of what this virus word means, because these people have used that word to mean that all of the biology under that rubric is not you.All of that biology is foreign alien biology.And therefore, studying it is their little thing.And the details of it are don't concern you because you're not a virologist. They've essentially stolen exosomal communication and retro viral communication from the palate of the sacred biology that is most likely our own where we are amongst the most complicated organisms on the planet.We are amongst the most complicated pattern integrities on the planet. And the idea that outside of us exists this palette of genetic diversity is just absurd.And I think that's the lie that virologists are committed to. I think that's the lie that all of these virologists have been committed to for decades.And now it's only a question of how many people were sophisticated enough to see through it and went along with it, how many people were led into the secret at a certain moment, and how many of them just don't care.And just kind of go along with it, even if they have an intuition that all is not right, because in military circles and in other circles, there's what's called a look away doctrine.If you don't pull the curtain and know what's happening there, then you have no moral obligation to speak out about it.And so I don't think this guy's naive. I think this guy's pretty smart because he realizes that in order for him to successfully study exosomes, he can never suggest that the same machinery that produces exosomes may be the basis for virology.Because that would be questioning the whole positive virology, which we heard David Baltimore in 2018 recapitulate yet again, repeat yet again, that his David Baltimore scheme describes all the ways that viruses have become very clever at using DNA to encode themselves, despite our best efforts.I think that's the why I really do. And I wonder if this guy is clever enough to know and not care or know and and know this is the only way or even worse has been encouraged to do this and be ready for this.And then, you know, this was his entry and maybe they didn't need him right now maybe he's coming soon. I don't know.And therefore they behave quite distinctly different in terms of functional analysis to put an over the plug. We have a EV and infection series of meetings once a year this takes place right next to NIH and atomic Maryland.Dr. Leonid Marigolis is actually a guy that we have watched a video of from YouTube where he talks about exosomes and how much there is how many there are and how diverse it is and amazing it is.We have been doing these meetings now for four years now with our colleague Lenny Marigolis at NIH and just before the COVID-19 problems, we had a meeting in Bahamas and we had quite a few exciting speakers.So again, this is very focused this type of a meeting is very focused on the visa infections, not so much cancers or technologies or other related topics but really focus very much in relations to infections.This is a generic slide that I use to just describe something that I think is a tip of an iceberg when it comes to this EV research.Many virologists, of course, they work on double-stranded DNA viruses, single-stranded DNA viruses, double-stranded RNA or single-stranded RNAs that are either positive or negative in orientation.And what we're finding out through these years of experience, not only our own work with other people, we're finding out there are very distinct populations of not only the virus itself, what virologists are used to, but then there is this other population and sometimes this other population is as much as 99.9% of the particles and they really are not viruses.And I think in the case of HIV, it's a perfect example.Oh my God, did you hear what he just said?I don't even know what to say. I mean, he just said that up to 99% of the particles that are produced might not even, you understand that basically says that what they find is just a PCR positive or just a sequence.It's not, they have no proof. That's what he's saying. Holy, holy, did you hear it?So, I think that's the literature that needs to be written. Well, I'll say, hey, I think that's the literature that needs to be written.I think that's the literature that needs to be written.I think that's the literature that needs to be written. Well, I'll say, I like this guy so far. That's pretty funny. Wow. 99.9% of all of them are actually not viruses at all.This particular literature is going to last for a long time. It's just, it sounds like Robert Malone in 2020-21.Needs some novel pioneering way of thinking and also coming up with technologies that could address really fundamental sort of questions.So many of the questions we're asking today are fairly basic and we're trying to tease out not only purification but what are some of the biochemical methods that we could use to understand the mechanism.This is true of viruses, intracellular pathogens. It's going to be true for others, including fungi and also parasites, bacteria.It's super weak. I would really like to ask him what he thinks about extracellular vesicles in health because asking that question in the context of infection is really not questioning the faith.It's extremely safe. It's so safe that it feels fishy to me.They have their own, of course, EVs and then of course if they are inside of a eukaryotic cell, they're going to be secreting EVs that have body parts of the organism.And of course parasites, bacteria and fungi, they make their own version of EVs. And again, this is an emerging field.Bacteria and fungi make their own version of extracellular vesicles or otherwise called exosomes. Wow, crazy.It'll take a long time to be fully developed. The size of these so-called exosomes or extracellular vesicles is roughly around at least the ones that people started focusing on early on in the cancer field.It's about 100 nanometers or so and this just gives you dimensions of, for instance, a tennis ball compared to a virus versus an antibody or a sugar molecule.I think much of this literature really came about when people started paying close attention to it because of the 2013 Nobel Prizes for Jim Rotman, Randy Shackman and Tom Sadoff.And essentially this was a work they've been doing for more than 30 years. Some people started realizing that these EVs are used as a means of communication.And I think the field that--Sadoff is actually a guy who got that award because he describes some of the mechanisms by which the vesicles are butted off or bind or something like that. I think. I know him from neuroscience, but it's not coming to my head right away.I really picked up. There are two fields that really have picked up on this quite impressively. One is the CNS folks who really had quite a bit of extensive literature on how these cells communicate with one another.And certainly the junctions between the neurons, I think that literature is quite strong. And also the neuromuscular junctions and again the EVs that allow direct communication.And then the cancer field, I think they've done quite a bit of excellent research. And in fact, when we got into this arena in late 2008 or so, we really didn't know much about the EVs and we were just baffled in what are these things anyway.But I think when we look back into--I think if I was to just wax intellectual off the top of my head here, I would start to consider the synapses of neurons, a highly specialized version of extracellular vesicle release and recycling.Because that doesn't really happen anywhere else. And it's actually a mechanism that I think is very specialized for the brain. It may happen--obviously it happens elsewhere at neuromuscular junctions and this kind of thing.But what I'm suggesting is that that is an example of how extracellular vesicles are used in a very specialized way, but in a no-way shape or form.And it actually suggests that there are many other forms of extracellular vesicle release and communication that aren't as short range as this synapse, which is an extremely specialized protein structure that's not just where extracellular vesicles are released,but where presynaptic and post-synaptic machinery has evolved to become this really complex system of what we call synapse.So he's kind of glossing over the idea that we also, for example, in the brain know that ARC RNA is released in endogenous viruses as they're called, but they're really just exosomes.And that allows the ARC protein to be expressed--ARC RNA rather to be expressed in the neuron next to it, even though that RNA hasn't been transcribed in its own nucleus.So we're just--the tip of the iceberg is right. And he said that in this last slide--I'll go back over here--but it's unfortunate that he says it's the tip of the iceberg without saying that the rest of the iceberg is what do extracellular vesicles do in a healthy body.That's the--that's the rest of the iceberg. And in fact, he's not telling a lie at all when he says that extracellular vesicles and infections is the tip of the iceberg.It is because the real iceberg is what happens in health that they're never going to ask that question.This was a work they've been doing for more than 30 years. Some people started realizing that these EVs are used as a means of communication.And I think the field that really picked up--there are two fields that really have picked up on this quite impressively.One is the CNS folks who really had quite a bit of extensive literature on how these cells communicate with one another.And certainly the junctions between the neurons, I think that literature is quite strong.That's what Thomas Sudoff is famous for. I'm just not really sure what it was. If it was--it was the presynaptic proteins or what it was.I think it had something to do with extracellular vesicle binding and releasing of its contents, which is not quite the same thing.And also the neuromuscular junctions, and again, the EVs that allow it to react to communication.And then the cancer field, I think, they've done quite a bit of excellent research.And in fact, when we got into this arena in late 2008 or so, we really didn't know much about the EVs and we were just baffled in what are these things anyway.But I think when we look back into the cancer field, it turns out that they've done quite a bit of great work.And remember, I gave you an example about a year and a half ago of a lab in the Netherlands that was working on exosomes for a very long time.And then when we looked them up in the Netherlands to see what they're doing now, they had been absorbed into a cancer institute and worked on exosomes in the context of cancer.So what you see is a very clear pattern that I did not expect to see. I'm glad that I'm seeing it here because I was a little worried that this talk might put me on a bad position where, oh my gosh, wait, there's a guy who actually works on exosomes and he says that coronaviruses are real.It actually seems like he's being very careful not to say that his work doesn't suggest that viruses have a misnomer, but he kind of knows that he could make that argument. I'm almost certain he can't not know.So here we are again, extracellular vesicles in the context of disease and infection, but not in health.Here's just one example where the primary cancer essentially secretes EVs and now we know today we collaborate with Lanskliota next door to me on breast cancer and other models.And then we look at these EVs that come out and essentially they go to a lymph node and they settle there and because of this, they are able to make the environment rich enough that the cancer cell later comes into a lymph node and spreads.So not only it's being used as normal communication, these EVs are being used as normal communication method, but also pathogens or cancers. They use this as a means of...See, so that's really strange. He's making the argument that cancers have evolved to send out extracellular vesicles to prepare landing places in lymphocytes to ready them for metastasis.Well, that's a pretty incredible statement to make. I mean, that's just an incredible statement to make.The amount of intention and mechanism there that is implied, it's just really extraordinary to me. I find it very, very extraordinary that it's so inverted that they think that this is all outside of us and that they can't see that you can't make a clock.Do something that a clock can't do. It's impressive.Communication.What we're finding out with the viral infections is that, excuse me, is that if you have a viral infection and let's say the titers of the virus goes up within the first two weeks or so, over time the titer will come down.And when it comes down, then of course, in most cases, we think that the virus goes away and we don't see it anymore.But that turns out to be not the case. If it is a, for instance, a DNA virus, in many cases, you have the so-called latent population that could hide in various organs.And I think the DNA viruses, including herpes viruses in the CNS is a perfect example of this.Or retroviruses that integrate into the genome. And of course, they stay with that genome forever. And that's no different than endogenous retroviruses, which again are remnants of the classical old versions of all of these retroviruses.And of course, you have a population that lasts for a long time, almost for the life of that person.And then at later time, when the immune system goes down, for whatever reason, the virus gets reactivated. And I think the perfect examples are shingles, the CMV activation, when we have a fever,within a matter of six to 12 hours, you have activation of many of these viruses, including the CMV.But the thing that's very strange at this point, I don't know to what extent shingles and CMV are actually proven to be viral or.extracellular vesicle based. My suspicion is that they are autoimmune diseases as well, but I don't know.The viral latency is something that Field knew about for a long time. And of course, that could contribute, we think it contributes to inflammation, it contributes to accelerated aging.But what is now very strange is that the RNA viruses, the RNA side of plasma viruses, and that's true of viruses such as Zika or Ebola or now COVID-19.They are also making their own version of the exosomes that's coming out prior to virus release for potentially they're hiding in certain organs and making low level of these exosomes and you can see the byproducts in various bodily fluids.So again, it's a, this is a surprising part of it. We never thought about RNA side of positive viruses doing this, but I think now there is plenty of evidence to show this.Now, where is the evidence that these exosomes actually do exist and they come from the infected cells? Well, I want to show you two examples.One is like Mark just said, he is suggesting that these extracellular vesicles only come from infected cells.Only when they have a retro virus or they have another virus in them, then they produce these extracellular vesicles. It's not that they do it when they're healthy.It's that when they're infected and that's a very, very bold statement that I think plays right into, you know, here's our dumb simple diagram here.I would have to show this. Now, where is the evidence that these exosomes actually do exist and they come from the infected cells?Well, I want to show you two examples. One is from the work from Steve Deeks in 2013 and the other one is from Kumar et al.So panel A is the number of patients. These are 190 patients from San Francisco and they were all under antiretrovirals, various antiretrovirals.Either are T inhibitors, integrates inhibitors or even produce inhibitors.And what you find is that the RNA levels in the plasma are below 50.I mean, I don't say very often, but I want to make it very clear to the people in the chat, the people that join me every day.I don't purport to understand all of this anymore. All I know for sure is that what we've been told by David Baltimore about DNA to RNA to ribosome to protein and everything else's viruses is a lie.And there are people who will admit that that's a lie, but not really admit it what it means. And that's the problem.If the the Baltimore scheme of viruses is a lie, then they have been obfuscating the fact that these enzymes and these communication mechanisms exist within us.And they have told us a very, very, very dumb, simple version of our immune system so that they can blame illness on something that doesn't explain it and explain immunity by something that doesn't explain it.So that they can use PCR tests to tell you you're sick and antibodies to tell you that you've become well.And they have been pushing this story for several decades. Judy Mikovits was pushing the story of antibodies to viruses.Just like Tony Fauci was as pushed the story since HIV of antibodies to viruses.The HIV test is a seroprevalence test. It is not a test for the virus.It is very clear to me now what is going on. This is just another example of it. This guy is either not clever enough to understand.But it's probably more likely to be definitely understands or at least has been told that if you want to study extracellular vesicles, you better do it in the context of infection so that you don't encroach on these ideas over here.The faith in novel viruses, the faith in RNA pandemic potential.The faith in vaccines.It makes perfect sense because that shows you that the virus, the drugs are actually working. But if you look at the cell associated on the copy numbers of the, and this is from the lymphocytes from the white blood cells within the blood, you, you see the RNA copies anywhere from 10 to one to 10 to four averaging around somewhere around 10 to three.And again, that shows you that there is RNA transcription and they're potentially RNA there, but the virus outside, you don't see as much. This is also true of 50 patients. These are the post mordant and again the bottom you see the various parts of the brain, and they've done our TPC or and again the average number of RNA copies in these patients is somewhere around 10 to three.What's interesting about these two studies is that they use the same set of primers and the same set of similar RTP CR approaches. Now, why is this happening is because there are no FD approved drugs against transcription for HIV. So you have entry inhibitors for HIV you have RT inhibitors, you have integrase inhibitors and then nothing for transcription per se and nothing for RNA processing, and not much for translation of that RNA but now you have for instance produce inhibitors which would inhibit the.I'm starting to see something interesting here one of the only ways to probe a biological system and a reduction of scientific kind of way would be to interfere with it.So if he believes that extra and doesn't tell you that extra cellular vesicle signaling is also present in health. One of the best ways to figure out what it does in health would be to block it.And these antivirals might actually be some form of anti extra cellular vesicle type thing.If that's the case these might be a way for them to clandestinely figure out how this signaling works in health by messing around with particular portions of it with these various patented drugs.It's possible I mean I'm just just talking here, because I'm definitely sure that we should talk about something else other than amyloidosis and and pre on a Genesis with a bunch of people who are neither experts nor,good people. Anybody that is pushing some kind of narrative that the spike protein is an amyloid a genetic protein or the spike protein is a pre on a genetic protein is likely a medley.Because those narratives were seated very early in the pandemic and would have been probably expected to result from transformation and transfection of a significant number of people.And in fact the first report of that CJD happening were in people that were transformed by an adenovirus vaccine, expressing the spike protein but I would argue that that doesn't really matter because transfection was always criminally negligent and healthy people,and so was transformation and somebody like Robert Malone knew that because he tells the story of losing his career, because he spoke out for Jesse Gelsinger but I guess he didn't want to lose his career again, you know, and speak out in 2020 when they said they were going to use acoronavirus to immunize people against a coronavirus when he already knew that coronavirus vaccines have been nothing but strikeouts.So I'm not going to call an elaborate show ladies and gentlemen I'm afraid this guy might be part of it to somehow or this story is safe, made safe by, by advisement.As long as he studies extracellular vesicles in the context of infection and only focuses on trying to convince you that in addition to viruses, there are also extracellular vesicles he actually doesn't threaten the faith at all.So out of the 18 steps within the life cycle of this virus we have FDA approved drugs that are about four potentially five steps that are inhibited but the other the majority, 10 or 11 other steps are not inhibited, one of which is the transcription and that's what I want to use as an example of RNA products being made.Now if you look at the promoter of the HIV and many of the endogenous rectal viruses they actually give you the there's DNA elements in there roughly about 450 bases within the promoter that can respond easily to things like mitogens to microorganisms other infections x-ray cytokines, steroids, compounds cytotoxic compounds, vitamins, all of which actually give you a low level gene expression.And the low level gene expression was really shown previously by a number of other folks I would say as long as potentially 10, 15 years ago where they would predict that you could have a promoter that essentially gives you a low level transcription.These were math modeling manuscripts.And if you have bending of the DNA you bring in a bunch of transcription factors and as a result you might get some low level leakiness of transcription.So that literature existed already and what we decided to do to bring that literature along with experimentation in one manuscript which is published a paper that describes a so-called latent population, the basal transcription and then an activated transcription.And as a marker we use the tar which is I'll show you the structure of this RNA.It's an unprocessed, the RNA polymerase that's not able to move forward a lot.It moves a little bit but then it pauses versus the full length genomic RNA that makes the envelope and that's the RNA that gets packaged into the virus.And we equated this to, and again I live near Washington DC and I equated it to the Amtrak train that will go rather slowly between Washington DC and New York and that would be your basal transcription.But if you really wanted to do a really quick job and get to New York from Washington DC you could probably take the bullet train that's the Shinkansen from Japan and the architecture of that bullet train in this case the RNA polymerase is quite different.It's heavily phosphorylated and because of this viral protein you're now able to get lots of transcription and lots of RNA.So the biology of the basal transcription from activated transcription really dictates whether you're going to have potentially exosome release or you're going to have a virus release.If that's true.Wow, so he's really suggesting that that exosome release is generated by the, the RNA polymerase that is activated.And so it does really seem like he's about to go to the idea that this is noise generated by the rapid translation of RNAs or something like this is very unfortunate.Can we show this in vitro and the answer is yes and again this is published where we take PBMCs primary cells and we isolate the exosomes from them and I'm sorry we first treat them with PHA IL2 to keep the cells alive.And seven days later we isolate the exosomes and keep them at four degrees.Then we infect the cells with a dual tropic virus.Keep them under anti retrovalent IL7 essentially push them into latency.And about nine, 10 days later we add back the exosomes and ask, do we get basal transcription going because of these initial exosomes that we isolated before.And again, these exosomes are not infected or say but it's coming from the same PBMCs.It really looks like a very complicated viral experiment where you just take stuff from one cell culture and puts it in the other and then looks at a proxy and says, oh yeah, I looked at mood.I mean, I'm not saying that this is, you know, but I gosh darn it.It works on a lot of assumptions right it works on a lot of assumption it's he's really avoiding asking the big questions it's really impressive.And in all cases the answer is yes so no exosomes the blue bar. And of course you do make a lot of exosomes and these exosomes contain tar in there.And the tar of course is a sign of basal transcription happening it's happening all three donors, and we looked at genomic RNA as well and genomic RNA did go up as well but not so reproducibly, but at least the tar would go up quite reproducibly.And so why this is happening is fairly straightforward at this point we didn't quite know it about six years ago or so I think now we're beginning to understand this.We put out a review and viruses ball back with a colleague of mine at FIU. And essentially if you look at the literature carefully, there is a literature that describes how the envelope of the virus or the nefs which is the most abundant protein from HIV or the top or the vif, all of which really are regulated through the autophagy pathway.And it almost looks as if when these viral proteins are made they may be toxic to that cell. So the cell wants to digest them and try to, you know, get rid of or fix this problem. And of course they use the autophagy but the biggest problem is when the virus inhibits autophagy for its own sake because at some point autophagy needs to be active.I'm sorry inactive so the virus can make a lot of our particles and get out. This is where the cell has to decide why like.Have you ever heard someone working so vigorously to assume things. So instead of starting with the hypothesis that maybe exosomes are different or separate he starts with the hypothesis that starts with the the premises that viruses exist retro viruses exist they're all infections and some of the particles that are released during this infection might be exosomes that's already his start.And that's why this fails right because he's got to explain it as a result of or or caused by infection and so it already fails to address the possibility that virology is a subset derivative of exosomal communication at best and at worst virology is the wholesalemisrepresentation of exosomal communication as pathogenic obligate pathogens and that's a pretty big deal.I think we don't need to watch this whole video because I do think that's really where we're at.And that's really the most important thing. Solar fire is to understand how important it is to see that the sacred biology the irreducible complexity of our immune system and indeed of our entire being.One of the best examples would be the possibility that we communicate throughout our body across tissues across the immune system maybe even from the brain to other tissues and back using exosomal communication and that this diversity was so daunting and this and so deep that the only way that they could obfuscate this problem and pretend that it didn't existwas to encourage people like Nathan Wolfe to write books about how the dark matter on earth could be we could look for new biological life forms in that in that infinite amount of dark genetic material that exists all over the world that's the story of this book that's where metagenomic sequencing comes frommetabiotabut they had to get this guy out there early and promote him all around the world in rich people circlesbecause the rich people are also fooled that's that's why I say that the heads of weaponized piles of money are not smart they've also been bamboozled into believing that AI and data is enough to to understand the sacred complexity so well that essentially isn't sacred anymorethat's what makes me unimpressed about Peter teal that's what makes me unimpressed about these people that sit near the top or at the top of these weaponized piles of money because they have been bamboozled by people like Nathan Wolfe Tony Fauci Peter day sack Ralph Barack Robert MaloneMaryl Nass Pierre Corey all of this collective group of people that has wittingly or unwittingly performed a theater especially in 2020 and 2021 where none of them had the wherewithal to question the principle of a pandemic and more importantly all of them seem to testify that they definitely had itsome of them had it at super spreader events others had it two or three times people like Harvey Reich claim that they were on all kinds of prophylaxis and whatever and they still got it and it was still terrible and they got it multiple timesbecause they're all part of the same show that's been doing this or or trying to accomplish this for decades it's hard to take it's hard to swallow but that's really where we're at this is just one book of a whole rack of books that were encouraged to be writtennobody's encouraging Jonathan Cooley to write a book nobody's saying hey I'll give you 50 grand if you write a book I could have a book written in three months but this stream is too important these liars are too important to expose and it's right now that we can do it it's before the chaos of the election before the chaos of the next act of this drama we need to get as many people as possible on the side of skepticism and on the side of seeingthat the people who wear a t-shirt that says the covid shots are bad but don't talk about 2020 are real problemand there are a lot of people wearing that t-shirt right now we've got to get at them we've got to make sure that as many of those people move as far as they canI'll be honest the only person I have real hope for on that team is Peter McCullough I don't have much hope for anybody else on that team maybe also John Bowdoin has a possibility of still realizing the mistake that these people have allowed us to makethose guys could have been pushing John Bowdoin's data two years ago those guys could have been elevating John Bowdoin two years ago and and and escalating the rhetoric on there being no pandemic to speak of but a lot of murder but they're not they never did they never willKevin McCurden never will Kevin McCurden's job is to make sure that you think that adulteration is significant and that the next generation of mRNA or or a denovirus type nanoparticle bullshit will be acceptedhe's probably gonna sell mRNAs as treatments to to pot growers or something to to to save them from variants and he's gonna get millions of dollars being part of the regulatory the regulatory framework that surrounds commercial pot I'm sure it's all just one big club and we're not in itthis is where you start seeing these x's are coming out so to prove that point we looked into four different cell types all of these are infected that this is a T cell 85 a CH 2 is a T cell you want is a myeloid and then HLM 1 is healer cell that has triple mutations in the top and the black bars are the tar that you would see outhere that these are healer cells mark side of the cell now if this was a full blown virus you would see excuse me you would see not only the red which is the the gag region that's up but you would also see the blue column that would be up equally high compared to the black and that would tell you that's a real virusbut in this case what you see is the five prime and RNA of the virus and not so much the less of the virus it turns out that this molecule has been around in the literature for a long time people have seen itwow to 875 papers out there on this tar business and what you see is it's a short stem and loop structure that's present at the five prime end of the virus it's also present at the three prime end of the virusthis is the structure of the RNA is a stem and loop and it's famous because it's been studied heavily and the viral protein tats which is a viral activator binds here and another kinase which is p2p equally binds to this region and it gives you thisactivated transcription now if you take the e v's exosomes from infected cells you once or intense j ones again and my Lloyd infected 100% infected my Lloyd 100% infected and then my little T cell and take the exosomes and then use primers to scan for the entire virus or different regions within the viruswhat you find is that only the five prime and the genome keeps amplifying and at some point within the gag about 600 bases into the gag it drops out same as true for this cell and same as true for this third cell and in fact if this was a real virus what you would find is that the three prime and the height of this bar would be the same as the five primeand the top and that there would be absolutely no difference between these I really see this as complimentary to what Robert Malone slipped up and said in 2021 when he said that the vast majority of coronavirus particles are useless they're ineffective they're not infectious they just float around and do nothingand it's all part of the same you know slow roll to the truth which is that virology is bullshit and it's much more complicated than that and it's it's very frustrating because this guy does feel like he's part of that he does feel like he is he's got an approved track of research here that actually is very symbiotic with the idea of infectious viruses it's incredibly symbioticin a way that seems very very disingenuousit's unfortunate but that's I guess you know it is par for the course that's what we should have expected to find withexosomal research that's funded by the NIH is not going to question infectious disease and the the virology model that David Baltimore has put forward that would never happen right so this is actually what I should have expectedto be able to do is to look at these columns or these bars but because this is not a virus and these are evs or exotones that's why the five prime and genome is far more prevalentwe went ahead and did the RNA seek and we determined the transcription start site the five prime and then also the three prime and of the genome and this is published again so here is one RNA here's the second RNA third and the fourth RNA the fourth RNA essentially stops into the p17and we looked into these RNAs and we can never find any protein coming off of that RNA that's why we call it a non coding on it I mean I have the way I have a big problem with the word infection to so it's it's really a thing here I mean this is just fabulous actually how how easy it is to see what's happening herehow do you separate these TVs from viruses well we publish this thing and scientific report and basically what happened was we compared side by side the classical way which is multiple centrifugation is a slow centrifugation followed by filtration point to two and then a ultra centrifugation and finally opti prep so this procedure works extremely wellwe collaborated with our colleagues in San Francisco and they gave us the reagent exomax and this is from SPI and we essentially decided to bypass some of the early step certifications and we were concentrated with exomax and then pass it through point to two filter or later we realize that it may be easier for us to filter first and then add the exomax because that way the filter doesn't get clogged upso that's what we do now we finally realize that this is a more reproducible method so first we felt filter then we do the exomax to bring everybody down then we go in a optic prep and there we're able to separate exosomes away from virus away from apoptotic bodies and essentially what you see is at this end of the centrifugation you end up havingand we're supposed to just take our his word for I guess everybody in his audience knows what exomax reagent is provided by whatever company said it was but it just seemed really hand wavy to mewhy don't why haven't byrologists been bothering to do this why haven't byrologist seen this fraction before why haven't byrologist felt the need to explore and define this because it was always there they had to know it was always there because Robert Malone casually said that it's always thereand Robert Malone cut his teeth with Robert with Murray Gardner you know the guy who worked with Bob Gallo he was walking around the halls with David Baltimore and all these other people who defined what retro viruses areso the idea that this guy is presenting some new concept a new idea really what he's doing is using his playing the role of absorbing this signal while not questioning the faith in RNA byrology which is impressive it's impressive it's kind of dumb stupid maybe right I don't knowand again that's the key right here it's the even though the sizes are the same it's the density of the virus that's heavier compared to these ease when we do the centrifugations they are very dilute the materials very diluteand then we can do downstream as a including if it's a virus concentration we can do PCRs we can do direct cell culture or if it's an exosome we can do enzymatic assaysnow think about this he can concentrate viruses so I wonder if he will sequence him then can he show us all the full genomes as he throws them through a nano poor that doesn't need to amplify anything can just read full sequenceshow are we going to use nano poor sequencing to show the difference between the genome found in a virus and the exosomal content which probably shouldn't be a genome wouldn't that be interesting let's see what they do otherwe've also tested other things that we like one is immuno isolation so identification I think so we can do anybody pull down against the markers of the exosomes which works quite effectivelythe other method we've used is the ultra-center to start with with especially with small samples that's we call it 2k 10k 100k this has been published previously or a colleague in Europeand finally we've used eyes on columns and these are quite effective especially if we're in a BSL 3 setting including pathogens such as coronavirus these columns they can be used once and you can throw away but the beauty of it is that they do separate these away from potentially from larger viruses and potentially from proteinsthe experiment looks something like this is the left side is the this is the beginning of the gradient and the right side lane 11 is the bottom of the gradient and the first time that we start seeing all three markers CD 81 63 and CD 9 is right here almost in the middle of the gradient and when we have all three markers we can be sure that that's a real exosomethen some of those markers go away and then comes another set of same EV markers and then at the same time we start seeing markers for the virus so playing 10 for instance not only contains the virus of interest in this case HIV but it also contains EVslane 9 has those EVs but it's also contaminating to lane 10 it has the EVs that have similar density again virus is only defined by the markers that are present it's not they're not defining that they took these fractions and now they looked at them or anything like that so just bear in mind it's still indirectly characterizing these different fractions that he says are fractions that are separated by sizeas the virus so we're trying to purify these EVs away from virus further but at this point we decided to just characterize the EVs that are a little bit less dense and they have absolutely no viralPamela your your equation is missing p values you don't create understanding until you have p values don't forget thatparticles in them so we've published quite a bit on these fractions see those these are all these are all standard deviations and this star is p values those p values mean mean understanding see five and six but then if you look at Lane 11 the virus is not very much present in the case of HIV but if you put him on the antiretroviral now the virus becomes a little denser and now you can see it in Lane 11so the treatment antiviral treatment or some other treatment could change the density of virus how do we know the difference between the virus and the EV if you take fraction 10.8 which is Lane 5 you throw an antiretroviral the RNA copy numbers don't change if you take fraction 16.8 which is Lane 10 and now you throw an antiretroviral all of those RNAs go away essentially it shows you that this Lane 10 or a fraction of 16.8 contains virus particles in thatI'm going to mine from Harvard and you per sought asked me to do these experiments we've looked at the virus I'm going to stop here and I might I mightI might watch the rest of it tomorrow if it's really interesting otherwise I'm just going to copy this and let you watch it and if you find anything when you watch it and you think I need to see it please let me knowI'm going to end this one now I want to remind you again what I think is going on here okayI really think at this stage we are at the point where there is a group of people wittingly or unwittingly talking about how the COVID shots are bad but not talking about 2020. Some of them that are doing it unwittingly are unwittingly covering for what all of these people did in 2020, which is not usefully oppose the pandemic.The ones that did usefully oppose the pandemic in 2020 have been co opted and are now in 2024 basically wearing that t shirt COVID shots are bad don't talk about 2020, even if they themselves did well in 2020, even if Pierre Cory really did go with good intentions to New York City fromfrom Wisconsin Madison to help in New York City, what the core the Pierre Cory that came out of New York City was part of this, this group, whether or not Peter McCullough spoke out on, you know, on his own volition at the beginning of the pandemic he's definitely part of this group now, Kevin McCurn and are you kidding me he's been on my stream twice.There's no way that this guy is not part of this is exactly what he says.And you will see that Brett Weinstein is there that actually Robert Malone is there Jessica Rose is there Sasha lot to pova is there she just says that the COVID shots are bad but they're, we talk about 2020 we have to talk about the DoD.Unfortunately, Robert F. Kennedy Jr is there.He's not interested in talking about the murder in 2020 that was was with it we're lying about in order so that this, this novel virus narrative can be, can be maintained.There are people over here there should be Wolfgang Wodach and Knewit Kowski and a bunch of other people over here also that have gotten it right and a lot of them got it very right very early.The other thing that really matters is the truth is is that Steve Kirsch wanted me to go to to Japan to work on mouse experiments on the shot with Kevin McCarron not everybody's aware of that but I certainly am I have the I have the messages on my phone.Kirsch came to one of the broken science meetings and then didn't really talk to anybody or make any contact with anyone and just made a video with Rodney Mullen and left.I think John Bodewin unfortunately has been, you know, courted and bamboozled by some of these people I know that it that the day the morning of Bobby's announcement in Boston.John Bodewin had bagels and coffee with with Merrill Nass and Abby Rockefeller.I have a photo at Bobby's and not Bobby's announcement in Boston with me and Mark Kulak and John Bodewin with Abby Rockefeller and Merrill Nass sitting right behind us.Because I just tell the truth so I don't have to remember anything.And when I tell the truth about these people it doesn't line up with crusaders saving the galaxy and saving our grandchildren and lines up with meddlers people that are playing on the team of the slavers.That's where we are ladies and gentlemen I don't like it anymore than you do I don't want to be this guy.But this is the this is the cards I've been dealt ladies and gentlemen so I'm just going to play him and and I hope that it helps some people.Ladies and gentlemen this has been GigaOm Biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.You can help share the stream any way you can we are on peer to YouTube gigo home biological dot com we're at rumble and we're on Twitch.And if you want to support the stream you can go to gigo home biological dot com I really appreciate it everybody that does support the stream I'll update the the list of subscribers here later on this afternoon I can't do it every day.Just because it's it's more of a pain in the ass and you might think to try and change this list and take all the names off and stuff but I will there have been a new few new subscribers that need to be added to this list if you'd like to join them please seek the way of doing it.I appreciate you even considering supporting a family of five on the internet shaking a can.And I hope that the next couple weeks of output will start to really solidify the idea that you go and biological is an indispensable indispensable.An indispensable project.We're talking.You know high school biology is a great idea.Biology one oh one for college kids is a great idea.And and pandemic biology is a great idea.Ladies and gentlemen this stream especially the beginning music has been dedicated to my friend Nathan who died last year from a freak aneurysm.Just one of many many people whose justice hasn't been served yet.It's not just about the transfections that they won't call transfections ladies and gentlemen it's also about the murderer that was committed in order to scare those people into accepting those transfections.Thank you very much for being here and I'll see you again tomorrow.youyouyou[ Silence ]