[Music][Music][Music][Music][Music][Music][Music][Music][Music][Music]Obviously I'm very tempted to just let, let jump play right through there but uhYouTube is live. Okay then. Alright. I didn't think I had that set up to go. It'sgoing. Alright. Oh exciting. Thank you very much for updating me on that solar fire.You're like a producer I never had. I appreciate that.[Music][Music]Special shout out to Hustonik live. I'm going to use his video today in this show.I don't know how that's going to work out for YouTube but it should be okay because I'm going to play it with a second computer.Mark was able to upload a 30 minute video from2008 which I just think is going to be a lot of fun.And so yeah. Just consume yesterday's stuff and no live. What does that mean?Not sure what that means but wash. Can you clarify that a little bit for me?And no live. What does that mean? Yesterday's was live at 10 o'clock as usual.I'm late again today but I am here.[Music]I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth.No live. I get it. Well great. I hope it's not over-nosing for you.That's not the way life is. Take everything with a grain and salt including me.But you can tell if someone's lying. You know you can sort of feel it in people.And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know. I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.I think it's like really important not to be a liar.[Music][Music]I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J.J. Cooley and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.[Birds Chirping][Music]See what happens when you do it live. Such a monkey.Forget about Fred Rogers. How can I forget about my buddy Fred Rogers? He's like the spirit of this whole show.What in the heck is going on? How can I hit the button too early?[Music]Good morning everyone. This is Gigabone Biological. Thank you for joining me from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, another broadcast trying to dispel the enchantment.[Music]And knowledge is the only way to do that. And so that's why we're trying to learn immunology and biology and virology and molecular biology.All theseologies that people have been trying to voice on us that I don't think have been voiced on us in a very truthful way.Because our consciousness is the prime real estate they're actually interested in controlling.I think my voice is a little low there. I'm going to raise it up.[Clears throat]And so we're not here to attribute bad motives to people or just disagreeing with them because they're bad ideas.And that includes the bad idea of fractional reserve banking and how it has been used to manipulate and control us for generations.And it is the collapse of this illusion of fractional reserve banking that I think is well coinciding with the execution of this pandemic narrative on our children.The release, the forceful storytelling.[Music]It's this forceful storytelling that we are trying to disrupt. It's also a forceful storytelling about what AI can do and what will be accomplished if we just give up our data to AI.If we just let these smart people with machines have all that they want, humanity's problems will be solved. This is also a story.This is also a story that we need to clarify with our children. That we need them to understand is a story, a mythology that's designed to make them go limp.And sovereignty doesn't work that way. Responsibility doesn't work that way.Adulthood doesn't work that way. You need to learn history. You need to learn history before it's erased forever. And you need to learn the biology that they have distorted throughout our history in order to enslave us.You see, that's what a charlatan does. They take and distort truth to the point where it is no longer useful to you and then they use that mythology against you.And we have handed over power to charlatans long ago. It's actually not us. It was our parents.Maybe even their parents that handed over power to these charlatans, but it has been the handing it down through the generations. That is what we need to break. And that is what gigo and biological wants to break is this generational mythological inheritance.Because we have inherited a mythology from our parents who inherited it from theirs and this mythology needs to be broken. As we break it, we need to be very careful to make gentle the life of this world rather than allow the global chaos that I'm almost certain these controllers need to happen.They can't reorganize and make a new order without first starting from chaos. And so we have to realize what's happening here.And we have to be humble enough to accept that there are very few things that we ourselves can control. We're at a very, very, very powerful wave. A wave of humanity, a wave across time and a wave of cross generations.And so in order for us to teach our children to surf this wave, we first have to be able to let them see it. We have to let them see it for what it is.And then actually it's quite simple to teach people how to see the wave and avoid the wave throwing them into the coral reef and perhaps killing them.And that's what this is all about, ladies and gentlemen. It is about staying focused on the biology, is not taking the bait on social media and loving our neighbors so that we can collectively pull our heads out.And the way that this stream works is that people share on Twitter and on Facebook and makes clips like Soothe Spider does and like Jeff from Earth does and then shares them on Instagram and other places that I'm not.You can share Rumble, you can share Twitch, you can share YouTube now, and you can share the PeerTube, which is now working better because my friend Ted and I have added some memory and I think that's going to help out a lot.Getting the transcoding to work. I think sometimes when I was going too long, then the transcoding did not have enough memory and so then it would fail.And we may have solved that problem now and so that might be just another step of a bit more resilience in this message and resilience is going to be needed because the message isn't going to be is not going to be preserved without us actively doing it.The paradigm shift is about to occur ladies and gentlemen is a very serious paradigm shift. And the people that don't shift are going to be angry about it and the people that do shift are going to be angry about it and and so we've got to pull people's heads out we've got to make them drop their hands from their eyes we got to get them off social media as much as we can.Before this happens so that the illusion is not sustained through their unwitting active participation.And so I think one of the best ways to do that is to learn the biology and that's what what giga almost all about we've learned the biology so that we can engage in United non compliance.And yes, I am a human just like you. And I am team human, not team humanity or whatever. Alex Jones is now trying to hijack we've been calling it team human since 2020 and before so Alex Jones hijacking that now is just absolutely hilarious welcome to go home ladies and gentlemen.[Music]Hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show this is Gigo and biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologists it is May 7, 2024.And in, in the spirit of the current subject of the study hall today I thought I'd also wear a throwback shirt. How to know if anybody can remember the time when everybody was angry at Aaron Rogers because he didn't take the shot and made a big deal about him saying that he might have previousimmunity or some other nonsense like that. And so in throwing this shirt back on I thought I would also remind you that that had happened and how many years ago that was and I often think it's very important to remind people it's 2020 was a whole year.2021 was a was a whole year 2022 was a whole year and 2023 was a whole year and 2024 is almost half over.And so anyone that's been paying attention as much as I have for the last five years feels pretty rung out feels pretty spread thin because we have been maintaining our hand hold on this for so long that our, our cognitive grip is straining, not because we don't believe or because we don'tunderstand or because the facts that we found in those five years haven't edified everything that we've come to believe is true because it has.But the question now becomes at what point will other people start to also understand we got a really good hat tip from substack today by a guy by the name of Joel Smalley.I don't know if I can just find that now that I send it to myself or something like that.It's really it's really a great sign that that some people are hearing us and I'm very excited about that Ruby what's the problem.I'm not sure if it's outside which he's not normally outside but it's somehow or another the that's the way things work today so I don't know where she's doing now Ruby what are you doing.I don't know if it's a particular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and the blatantly obvious fact that no one whenever they address Jay, Kui or Gigo and biological they never address this primary message this is the primarymessage of the show right now and has been since we were able to codify it this succinctly. I think it's really funny that yesterday on YouTube there were lots of people in the chat who were saying that Jay and calling him names because he won't write up his theories.I think he's right up my theories pretty well so well that you know they only take like three or four sentences, and it's it's incredible that people want more, instead of want to do the work themselves or to find out maybe why it is that I'm so confident to say these things butI think it's a crazy thing to say. I don't think it would have been a crazy thing to say in 2020.In fact, that's why I point out that Robert Malone will tell you a story on countless podcasts about the fact that he lost his career because he spoke out on behalf of Jesse Gelsinger's death and the fact that they went off the protocol and gave him a higher dose.That resulted in him losing his career and getting to head up or set up a breast cancer Institute.And that pain and suffering was so great that and he was so standing up for himself with this unblemished track record that in 2020 when they said they were going to use a den of virus to save people from a novel spreadingvirus in the UK with a with a countermeasure called AstraZeneca and when they rolled out the J&J shot in America, we never heard nothing but crickets from from the Malone family.Jill and Robert were saying nothing and when the mRNA was finally announced the only thing they could say was hey we also hey we also did that hey heySo, transfection and healthy humans was criminally negligent in 2020 and many many more professionals should have known this than actually apparently did.And one of the most blatantly obvious ones is Robert Wallace Malone.Who I posit is probably a participant in the whatever you would like to call it, PSIOP, the fifth generation warfare, the governance by lying that that that we are currently under.And that's the title actually of the sub stack hat tip that we got the government murders people and lies about it in order to govern us.And RNA cannot pandemic is a very simple thing for any advanced biologist to think about.Everyone from my former boss, like Edward Moser in Norway, or my former boss in in in Rotterdam, Stephen Kushner, or my former boss at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Brian Mack hooks, or the department head at the University of Pittsburgh.Peter Strick, or any of the other people that I worked with in in the Netherlands or in Norway or in America or I've ever seen at the Society for neuroscience meetings that I've attended, or I've ever met at any of the meetings and and and gatherings that I've been in in Italy for some of this hippocampal work.Any of those biologists are sophisticated enough that if off the cuff over a glass of wine, you said, can you explain to me what Transfection means?They would have a very succinct and very similar answer to what I have given you for its definition, which is the use of RNA to express a protein where it doesn't belong to upregulate or downregulate the expression of a protein using mRNA or DNA.And any number of methodologies to get it where you want it to be.And yet somehow or another, all of these professional biologists who use Transfection on their bench all the time and their postdocs use Transfection on the bench all the time and their postdocs teach their PhD students to use Transfection on the surgery bench all the time.Were somehow unable to realize that this methodology would not be a good idea for their healthy parents, their elderly healthy parents that they wanted to be around for as long as possible to have as many Christmases with as possible yet and definitely not for their pregnant daughters.And yet somehow or another, all of these people, all of them almost without exception, still aren't speaking up.They're still quiet. They're still ignorant. They still don't get it.And the most hilarious story that we have been given recently is the one that Robert Malone gave on Steve Kirsch's VSRF podcast two or three days ago. If you haven't seen it, please see it. It is must see viewing.Because Robert Malone exposes everything that we have ever talked about with regard to his claims early on versus his claims middle versus his claims now and the evolution is absolutely incriminating.Because he didn't tell us the whole truth when he came out and he's probably still not telling us the whole truth now. And it is all because he plays for them, whoever they are.The people who would like to end the national sovereignty that used to define the world, the individual sovereignty that defines our existence and our republic as we imagine it to be.And the fact of the matter is, is that RNA cannot pandemic and any of these people could figure it out or could explain it to you but choose not to and many of them have chosen to lie to you about what I have taught lie to you about what I have said or even distort or or or just not even saying that I've explained it adequately but pretend that I haven't.And so it's just a question of time, ladies and gentlemen, when is the best time for us to really roll over these people and give a five hour presentation where we show each one of them as liars, where we teach the biology that they lied about, and that we demonstrate that we have been teaching this biology since the very beginning.And what a five hour show like that do with names and with actual videos from all of these people saying the things that I claim they say.Because I have hard drives and I have backups of those hard drives and other places that all show it.What you would have to do is just put the slide deck into PowerPoint and just sit back and narrate it for five hours. And most of these people would be exposed. And not just a little bit not just like oh wow that's weird no I mean like exposed.And you yourself could do it with the same just all you would have to do is curate the videos that you find you can't just find it and go wow, you have to take the link you have to pull it down you have to screen capture it.And you have to listen to two hours to get the three minute quote where he just says dumb stuff for three minutes straight that you just can't say this, and he never says it again, because the lot of this was improvised because a lot of this is off script they never thought there would be somebody like Jonathan Cooey, who would be in need of control, and who would resist the possibility of jumping on board with a book.Ladies and gentlemen, what I am proposing to you is very important to understand.What I am proposing to you is that this book is part of the same illusion that this book is part of.This book is the same book is the same illusion that this book is part of.This book represents for me and my family is an offer, an off ramp. Just go with this story.Look how much money will pay you.Look at what a nice staff scientist position you can get after you, you, you help with this book now, let's do an interview about the book and tell us what your contribution was to the book, and then they made that interview and then guess what.Children's Health Defense said that interview wasn't very good. It's not really going to sell the book. It's kind of, it's like, I don't know, it's a weird, can we record that interview again?Then we went on Christmas break, then Jay's position was ended.This book was my opportunity to be Emily Kopp or to testify in front of Congress that there was a lab leak and that I know how they did it.It was, it was with restriction enzyme reconstruction of a giant plasmid that, you know, blah, blah, blah, clones.It was right there. All I had to do was say that clones could do it, that clones can travel a little bit, that there is some transmission.Wouldn't have to be very specific. I could have just, you know, kind of said I don't know, but I, I think, and everybody would have gone along with it.That's the reason why, ladies and gentlemen, if you just open this book, it's worth buying for this one reason, because you just open the book and right in the beginning, right there, is my name.This book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable insights provided by Jonathan J. Cooey PhD, and then Gavin DeBecca, you know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s best friend.If they wanted me to not be known, I could have been included with all the CHD defense team up here with some of my friends who are still some of these people are still my friends.CHD's wonderful. Half of these people are amazing heroes. The other half I probably never met.This is not an illusion here. I'm not in the index of this book six times. Every single quote that I have in this book is real and important.Everything that I put in this book, essentially, because I knew where I was before this service ended.Before I was done helping Bobby with this book, I was already telling everybody that they faked it. I was already trying to make sure that everybody on the editorial team and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. knew that once he asked me about infectious clones and I forced myself to read through it, I realized that they lied.That was the reason this book and writing it and helping Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to write it is the reason why the impetus was given to me to really figure out what clones are and what they are not.And it made me realize that infectious clones are the way they lied. And they have been lying for a very long time because infectious clones allows them to start in the same place and it allows them to start with whatever quantity they need in order for their experiment to work.And up into including if they needed a sequence to be found in several places on earth to be misconstrued has a novel spreading pathogen. It would be cake.And that's also in this book hidden inside of this giant 500 plus page book is a statement by Jonathan J. Cooey that says they don't even need a virus.There is an a paragraph in here that says how they use infectious clones to use to work on RNA viruses that they could otherwise not work on.Because RNA is not a pattern integrity can't put it in a cell culture and and have more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more of it.It doesn't work like that.And they know it.And Judy Mikovits knows it. That's the crazy part.Robert Malone knows it. That's the crazy part.Vincent Ranson.Yeah, Rackin Yellow knows it. That's the crazy part. Tony Fauci knows it. Ralph Barrick knows it.Even fricking probably Peter Desack knows it.They all know that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.They all know that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and they know that RNA can't pandemic.That's why they're very confident telling stories about gain of function research and it's not going to be bad and it'll be fine and blah, blah, blah, because it will be.Because gain of function is a mythology.And if we teach our children that what happened in the last five years was a pandemic, then that mythology will become reality for them.And they can be governed by the mythology of pandemics and public health forever.And that means your grandchildren will turn over their biological data to the transhumanists, the globalists, the, the tyrants, the slavers.That's what they are. The slavers that are doing this.The slavers that are doing this.Dump that. Just another Tuesday here on Giga on biological where our hypothesis is the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus. But yeah, it was really the goal was total surrender and they've done it with a massively spectacular commitment to life.What I want is how it looks a lot like this. I want people to complain. So what do I do? I go to Des Moines. Ladies and gentlemen and people on the screen. I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years.I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of Sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion method.I would say to the answer. I would say to the person who says how do we know the clones are infectious. I think that's a good question. It's something that a lot of people have been putting on me. I don't think they're infectious. That's not the right word.What I think is that if you sprayed RNA or you could apply RNA to someone's skin or make them inhale it and it was in a lipid nanoparticle, I think that there is biological potential for whatever the RNA encodes to be expressed.I didn't start my watch. What we should say is "transfect." I do think that RNA in a lipid nanoparticle, if it was aerosolized or applied in some other way that I don't know, some methodology, they could "transfect" people with an infectious clone.We should call it a "transfectious clone," indeed. I think that would be the better word. I'll play Giordano again because I think it's important to get it on screen.I want people to complain. I go to Des Moines. I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin.What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition. These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous system condition. So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do.It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms. Then what I do, the real bug that I use is the Internet. I take attribution for that. Yes, I'm a terrorist group.And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent, and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are X, Y, and Z. These people are really sick with this.But then I say, others who are also infected will show sub-dromal, pre-dromal signs of lethality, and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal, and I've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system, banging on the door. The CDC comes back and says, "Nonsense. That's not real." I come back and say, "That's fake news."Okay, so now I want to clarify this a little bit because I do think that we have to work on this part of the show yet, and this part of the message. Because when I put this group of people on the screen, this is not an exclusive group.It's not an exhaustive group. I should have more pictures up here like Kelly Victory and Dr. Drew. And many, many more people should be up here in all of these groups.Eric Capolino, for example, should be up here in the no virus corner. We should have other people on here, but these are the people that I've come in contact with. These are the people that have had a personal interaction with me.And so some of the other people that I know are important are just people that I have less personal experience with, and so I tend to stay a little more whatever on them.Now, what I'm suggesting is that the, just like the spars pandemic document, which I have said repeatedly, is just a public facing brochure of a much more detailed plan military exercise that would have been classified or only available to people with the right lanyard.And I would suggest to you that Dr. G. Ordano should be the scene as the same guy, a guy who is a public facing YouTube friendly brochure, if you will, for what is really going on.And so when he tells you that they'll see it a few cases in a few places, and then use the internet to claim responsibility for it and use the internet to see the idea that there will be a symptomatic spread.And that's an incomplete public version of the story and the operation. And the more complicated, classified real national security version of this would include many of the people on this screen.And they would be playing roles like that described as Epi girl in the spars pandemic document but not Epi girl in the spars pandemic document where it's a uncontrolled public person that's spreading information that's inconvenient for the state's narrative control.But rather, Epi girl would be people that the state put in place to make sure that the limited spectrum of debate which presupposes rather reinforces the presuppositions of the state.Not my words, but the words of Noam Chomsky would be preserved. The limited spectrum of debate that protects and reinforces the presupposition of the state narrative.These people, Epi girls were put out there were given parts of the narrative and then given their own stage, their own stage on substack their own stage on gab their own stage on telegram their own stage everywhere, maybe even a podcaster 10.And as they moved around on these stages and collected fans then fans got a piece of the truth and the rest of it was the mythology that we've all been led to believe is what we need to figure out the mystery of the novel virus and whether it's a lab leak, or a naturalvirus, the dichotomy that gets you nowhere. Of course what's missing in that dichotomy is the third lie, which is there are no viruses at all nothing zero zip.It's close. That's very close to the truth, but it's not the truth. And the way that they have pursued this position and maintained their position here belies the, the likelihood that they are to in play at least some of them are playing with us.Because the most succinct way I can say it is, is that although they're very, very good at describing why there's no virus and the plays that were made.They can't quite come to the realization that people died. And so that means that people were murdered in order to preserve the lie of virology.And it would be such an easy way for them to have scored a touchdown over and over again in 2020 or 2021 or 2022 or 2023 when hundreds of thousands of Americans were being murdered under the pretense of COVID and they did nothing.And that's what I believe. I believe that people like Andy Kaufman effectively are as bad as Robert Malone and as bad as Brett Weinstein and as bad as all these other posers that purported to be opposing something but actually making sure that their followers would never ask effective questions and essentially get stuck in a hamster wheel.And unfortunately, anybody that was watching me was also caught in a hamster wheel in 2020 and 2021 in particular, because I was forced coerced tricked into a hamster wheel in 2021.When in 2020 I was actually crushing it. And so also I have identified I can identify the people who got me in. I can identify the people who got me running in the hamster wheel, and a lot of them are actually on this page.That's why I work particularly on these people and not other people. It's not that I have a particular personal experience with all of these people. And so it is with great humility that I suggest that we are still being misled by many of these people.[Music]Gosh, that is a great theme. It just makes me smile. Ladies and gentlemen, today we're going to watch Mikovits and Whitmore on XMRV from October 8, 2009.And it's a really interesting interview for what they talk about. That's all I'm going to say. And I'm going to try and take some notes. I don't know if it's on ABC or what this is, Nevada newsmakers. I guess this is not ABC.And again, you can see here, shout out to Mark Housatonic at Housatonic Live. He's the guy who put this up. There's already 117 views. That's pretty encouraging.If you're not subscribed to his channel, which is very likely you could do that. That wouldn't hurt. He's also got a two that hasn't been canceled yet. So you could also do that.Some local news here. And we're also going to see some throwback commercials, which I may or may not watch just for fun. Is that going to work? I think it's playing.Welcome to Nevada Newsmakers on the program today. A life-changing discovery from the Whitmore Peterson Institute. You will be astounded on the program today. And that Whitmore and Judy Mikovits, plus on the Power of Punitive panel today, Helen Foley Russell.Infectious Retrovirus XMRV.Pro and Paul Enos is all coming up next on all new Nevada Newsmakers.Nevada Newsmakers, brought to you in part by the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, the world's largest industrial park.The world's largest industrial park. I really have to work hard to get my voice to do that. I really need to move things up and down in order to get my voice to react in such a way. It's very hard to talk like that all the time.What in the hell? I think this is a Las Vegas commercial.Easier way inside local entertainment. Las Vegas Review Journal. Get inside.Oh, that's, oh, that's wow. You want to watch these? Xenomorphic Murin Leukemia Virus. Thank you very much.Oh, you don't want to watch it more.You've got to visit Nothing Bunt Cakes. They literally sell nothing Bunt Cakes.I'm sorry. That's funny. That's a really good pun. Nothing Bunt Cakes. Oh my shit.That's hilarious.Here at the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, water resources come from fresh, clean groundwater.Alright. Fresh, clean groundwater.Welcome to the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. The largest industrial--Wow, did you hear that? Retailers.Whoa, that's a deep voice.Good for Nevada. We're the retail association of Nevada working to strengthen--Oh my gosh, that's the deepest voice I've ever heard. I'm telling you.Retailers create nearly half a million jobs for Nevada.I'm sorry, sir. Your voice is so low that we can barely listen to it. It makes me feel like a child.Here is Sam Schaer, a No Holds Barred political forum. Now from the Nevada Newsmakers broadcast headquarters, here is Sam Schaer.I'm back on Nevada Newsmakers. We are thrilled to welcome to the program Annette Widomor.She's the president and founder of the Widomor Pedestrian Institute.And Judy Mikevitz, I was the director of research for WPI, also a doctor.I can't think of a more exciting program I've done because what we're about to talk about is world-shattering news.I want to read, if I could, just the first paragraph of your press release.The Widomor Pedestrian Institute scientists discovered a significant link between XMRV and MACFS, which we'll go into in a moment.A recently identified retrovirus called XMRV has been linked to a debilitating neuroimmune disease that affects more than a million people in the United States.Scientists from the Widomor Pedestrian Institute located at the University of Nevada, Reno, and their collaborators from the National Cancer Institute and Cleveland Clinic,have discovered a retroviral link to myalgic encephalomyelitis and chronic fatigue syndrome.They recently published their groundbreaking findings in the journal Science, one of the world's leading journals of original scientific research, global news and commentary.The paper entitled "Detection of Infectious Retrovirus XMRV in the Blood Cells of CFS Patients" is a major breakthrough in understanding the origins of this disease.Let's start out with the most basic, which is, what is a retrovirus?Okay, so let's preface this first. I know I'm going to let it play. Don't get mad at me for stopping it for a second, but let's just preface it first.Remember, we don't have a vaccine for AIDS. AIDS has already been around for 10 years or more, 20 years or more now. It's 2008.And chronic fatigue syndrome and this myelitis that he mentioned, these have striking, striking, striking parallels to long COVID.And after this video, if we have enough time, depending on how much my mouth moves, I would like to watch a very recently released video by the American Medical Association about long COVID with one of the Time Magazine 100 most influential people on Earth,this Korean immunologist who's been talking about long COVID for four years.And how striking it is that what we were talking about, what they were talking about in the 80s, the 90s, the 2000s, up to 2008, and explaining in a science paper that there's some retrovirus from mice that can cause leukemia may be responsible for crazy shit.You're not going to believe what she says in this video.So let's think carefully, in terms of the historical context of what she's saying, and what implications it might have for the fact that she is currently part of the Lollapalooza.She often could be considered to have her own stage, she has her own sort of version of the, the narrative her own version of the narrative that figures in her own, you know, biology that figures in this whole story.It's extraordinary, ladies and gentlemen, because we just are hearing the words of people from the past, and you can see, hopefully, if you've been studying with us, me for a long time, you can see how obvious it is that this is one continuous game that has been played upon us, that was played on our parents before it was played on us, and, and it is in a continuous game of obfuscation of understanding all this stuff is outside of us.And this biology is what we must live in spite of.It's nothing to do with us.These are things that fight against us, that work against us. Listen carefully.The most basic, which is what is a retrovirus?Well, there are only two other human retroviruses known, Human T. Cellukemia virus and HIV, the retrovirus that causes AIDS.Both of these viruses cause cancers, neurological diseases, immune deficiencies and inflammatory disorders in man.XMRV is only the third human infectious retrovirus shown, and that's what our work just did.What made you look at it?So wait, did she just say Human T. Cellukemia virus?Isn't that HTLV? Isn't that the virus that Mark Hucetanik has been telling us a story about a pre-Judy Mikovits kind of character that tried to explain,didn't she try to explain maybe even AIDS with HTLV?And then somehow or another kind of got discredited like a fall lady, you know, a fall guy and got blamed for something that wasn't there.And wasn't that with Hillary Koprowski, who Raskety, who she actually did this work with, actually also worked with.So it's like one continuous mentor chain, mentor chain being, you know, inheriting good ideas from people that you consider smart.And so the person who, who taught Raskety was Hillary Koprowski, you know, the Stanley Plotkin, Hillary Koprowski, Liederberg, you know, this generation of, of, of charlatans.Stanley Prusner.And now it starts to become all very clear already because if she's saying human T cell leukemia virus, what would Giga on biological say?Well, Giga on biological would say what we've been suggesting for almost two years now. It is possible that a lot of this Baltimore classification system is a mythology that has been used to bamboozle all of academicand religious, and it's been used into believing that these signals and these enzymes are the exclusive purview of obligate molecular pathogens in the wild, rather than an echo of communication mechanisms and enzymes that we ourselves use for particular reasons.So when you say that a T cell leukemia virus exists, what the suggestion here is with this mythology is that it's a virus, I guess that comes from somewhere else, because it's a virus.And then it causes T cell leukemia. Hmm. Interesting.Imagine a scenario where your immune system uses retroviruses to communicate between T cell clones or across T cell clones, and that if that communication mechanism were to go awry, then T cell populations or T cell clonal populations could be dysregulated.Imagine if you discovered this mechanism and wanted to maximize its usefulness to you in terms of governing a population or a world.Imagine if you started to understand human biology, but you didn't want humans to know.Well, the easiest way to do it would be to tell people that what you had discovered wasn't part of them.And I think that's what a lot of these people have been lying about for a couple generations now.A couple generations of mentorship have been passing on a lie about the fidelity of our understanding at this size scale and exclusively telling a story that all of these signals are exogenous and that none of them can be endogenous and certainly none of them can be endogenous during a state of health.And this is the biggest lie probably in human history because all other lies fall off of it because this is how they have removed our reverence for ourselves removed the respect that previous generations of academic biologists have had for the irreducible complexity, the sacred that is still present.But for some reason most academic biologists can no longer see.And the giddiness with which she presents the ideas to come are actually absolutely extraordinary. If mice have retroviruses and monkeys have retroviruses and people have retroviruses they are not, and they cannot be the most parsimonious explanation is that they are not all obligate molecular pathogens from nature.But rather the more elegant more beautiful more more irreducibly complex explanation would be that all eukaryotic tissues use exosomal communication for signaling, and that the higher the organism is and the more complicated the pattern integrity is the more intricate the exosomal communication the retrobiver of communication would be expected to be.That's where we are. That's where those people were 30 years ago, and they've just been committed spectacularly to lying about it, so that it can be used to govern us can be used to profit from us can be used to limit our understanding of ourselves.Under mine, what should be what did I say on the phone to care this morning in a text is like the perfect words, the perfect words.However you explain creation, there is a reverence I believe all thinking humans should naturally develop. And if they don't, it's because they were prevented from developing it.Keep going, Judy.Because this had was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue of men with specific genetic immune system defect by Dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic. Why did you put that over to me?I agree with Pamela in the chat. Pamela is such an angel. And she's right. The Cleveland Clinic comes up a number of times. And also in the pandemic, the Cleveland Clinic is a good red flag to have just like Columbia.George Town, there's a couple other places.Sorry, I gotta go back.This is important.What made you look for this because this had was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue of men with specific genetic immune system defect by Dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic. Why did you put that over to CFS and ME?That genetic link was the hereditary.I need to write that down because that's obviously stuff I gotta read out.This had was originally discovered in prostate cancer tissue of men with specific genetic immune system defect by Dr. Silverman of the Cleveland Clinic. Why did you put that over to CFS and ME?That genetic link was the hereditary prostate cancer, G number one is an antiviral enzyme that is also a hallmark of the abnormalities of ME/CFS patients. So we thought that we reasoned that if this virus is infecting men with this immune defect and causing prostate cancer that it might indeed be the culprit in CFS.What were your thoughts when you first started going down this road?Well, I knew that the one thing that we had to do was look for the answers and I believed that all along we were going to find an underlying pathogen. It just, it didn't make sense that so many different viruses had been claimed to have caused this disorder.So, you know, I was absolutely thrilled. This is exactly what we started. So so many different viruses had been claimed to have caused this disorder.So many different viruses. I wonder what viruses she's talking about. Judy just said there were only two before this one. Before XMRE there was only HTLV and AIDS, right? That's weird.Hey, thank you very much, Pamela. That's some good, good work right there.You know, I was absolutely thrilled. This is exactly what we started out to do.One of the things that has been so frustrating for sufferers from chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, and other related illnesses is that for a long time people thought that doctors thought that they were crazy, that the symptoms that were coming up, that the system.No, I really feel like...I really feel like that all of us should be incredibly skeptical when we see these kinds of historic videos and realize that this is long COVID.This phenomenon, which he just said, a lot of people would just say that you were crazy and the doctors didn't take seriously, has existed for a long time.Or phenomenon like it have existed for a long time and have been, we have been offered several different explanations over the generations.And that fact, in and of itself, should be extraordinary. It's probably not a fact that very many college kids know because their knowledge of history is so fragmented.And the biological history is very important here because it's objective history. It's of history, not of what people said.Well, it is a history of what people said, but about specific ideas.And I think right now, one of the advantages of Giga-OM Biological and following Giga-OM Biological regularly, and maybe even supporting or sharing Giga-OM Biological with your family and friends,is that we try as much as possible to stay focused on this stuff that can be objective, which is really the biology or the immunomythology that has been substituted for it.And I think we're seeing it in real time in 2008. I think this is a person who was participating in that ongoing bamboozlement.The vaccine schedule and explaining away what it is and what it isn't has been an ongoing problem.And that's what you're going to hear very shortly.It's been an ongoing problem, and I think that Judy Mikovits has been out there for a long time obfuscating that problem with stupid, complicated explanations that could be simplified to intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb,not, you know, XMRV and latent viruses and all this other absolute nonsense, I'm sure.And there was no way to track it.It's really been very, very interesting. And the exciting thing is that Judy can tell you that how the virus works and every one of the symptoms makes sense because of that.So it's wonderful to be able to have this puzzle. Just all the pieces come together suddenly and fit so well. But certainly she can speak to us.Well, I was going to say specifically, you know, let's relate it to women. A lot of the problems that women have suffered with this, you have now been able to track down in an incredible detective work.Right. Correct. So it's a simple retrovirus, which means its expression, the on or off is controlled by just, and we've just learned this, it's unpublished data, by just three things.The response to hormones and the response to inflammatory cytokines. It's called an NFKB element.So cortisol, which is the stress hormone, is it turns on the virus very rapidly and continues to have it expressed.So do inflammatory events, like as caused by other pathogens, and so do hormones like androgens and progesterones, which also make sense with regard to prostate cancer and inflammatory prostate cancer and the disease being more prevalent in women.One of the things that is common here is that this is not an airborne disease, which is something that people had potentially thought about.This is something that's all over the world. I mean, it's just stunning, but it's actually fluids and blood that are being...That's correct. I think...It's all over the world. That sounds like something that's a background signal. It's been there all the time, and now they're going to try and convince you that some background signal is significant.It's kind of the same play, and we're supposed to take Judy's word for it. It's kind of the same play. It's all over the world already. It's actually interesting.Maybe they realized at some point in this little maneuver that the all over the world signal wasn't going to scare anybody.That a latent virus that's always been there in the background all the time isn't going to impress anyone as an explanation for a phenomenon that they can't do anything about.And so I wonder if this is just... We're really dealing with a bunch of ham-fisted half-wits who, because of the fact that they have easy access to weaponized piles of money, feel under some obligation to govern us.But they're liars. They're posers. They're actually not that smart, and they use people like Judy who aren't capable of covering up for that sort of ham-fisted...You know, that's all it is. I feel like there's a lot of incompetence that's behind this. I feel like that's why we're so off-script, and that incompetence has actually been there for longer than we imagine.Because that's what it is, right? If you have hundreds of people that are unwittingly reinforcing a group of lies, which is a mythology, right?It's just a mythology about biology, and they have been tricked unwittingly or wittingly into just playing along.You know, you could even look at it like just to self-deprecate a little bit. You could even make it... You could just use myself as an example.Maybe me spending my time on nicotinic acetylcholine channels in mice was a pretty good bet in terms of, well, it's better that he spends his time on that than he spends his time on something else,because he's not likely to figure anything big out if he works on that stuff.And so there are lots of academic biologists that are working on exactly what they want to work on because they're interested in it, because it's neat, because irreducible complexity is everywhere,because the sacred biology is everywhere if you only know how to look for it. And so all of these biologists are just happy to be able to look for it every day, to be allowed to see the details of it every day.Unwittingly, they have wasted their cognitive energy focused on something that won't prevent the enslavement of their grandkids. They're not even aware that the enslavement of their grandkids is a goal of these people.And that's why I'm so optimistic that we can wake up. There's still video like this. There's still a possibility to be able to show everyone the historical step-by-step of how they got us to believe that virology was this high-fidelity thing.They got us to believe that virology was very high-fidelity by putting Judy Mikovits on television in 2008. Really?The apprentice of Rusketti, who was the apprentice of Koprowski? Really?I mean, man, just please don't make Mark's work go to waste. Please spend some time looking at the material that he's putting together on these people, the connections that he's identifying between these people, and the historical significance of the fact that Robert Malone traces some of his intellectual inheritance back to Murray Gardner.Ladies and gentlemen, there are going to be rats jumping out of this ship quickly now.And they're going to be pretending that they're not, but they're screaming and screeching and running for the holes.Because this ship is going to sink fast now. Because we are close to a very collective understanding of, "Oh my gosh, it's really that bad."And it's going to be easy if we do it right for all of Western civilization, all the republics that are potentially savable, for all of their populations to realize that they've been bamboozled collectively, not just by America, but by all of their leaders.That's how the EU came into existence.And so one of the things that we need to connect in our rhetoric more often is the idea that the EU is a product of the same governing liars that whatever's happening in America is a product of, and whatever's happening in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada is a product of, whatever's happening in the UK.These are all the same weaponized piles of money that are doing what they can depending on the context. They can't do the same things in America that they can do elsewhere in vice versa.And so that's why all of these stages in this lala palooza look very different and why people in Australia can't always agree with me because they're watching a different stage.They were saying different songs, therefore they have a different experience, a different group of bad guys, and a different group of fake scooby-doo actors.They didn't even see the show that we saw.And so from their perspective, they see America is different and Europe is different. And so if we take that into account, this is the way to bring all those pictures together because we all share a history.And that history is much more streamlined because of the nature of media and social media. When we get pre-social media, things start to become extremely streamlined.And it becomes, when Mark finds a newspaper article from 1980, that is the culmination of not only the author, but the typesetter and the editor and the editorial people and whatever.And they chose to put that there. It's not just some ranting lunatic on substack who can cut and paste things together and now, "Wala, we have some kind of thing."No, this is a newspaper article. Back when newspaper articles were difficult to get, took some time and effort of multiple people.And once we start to analyze it from that historical perspective, and we start to see these stories as they are and put them into the context of the immunomythology that was foisted upon us over the last four years, it becomes blatantly obvious,"What are you peeping about?"I think my wife just came home.But in the history of these other viruses, that's what they've discovered. It's not airborne.She'll come out up there.This has way more ramifications than just CFS and ME. We have been a very strong supporter of the autism community on this program and tried to cover that as much as possible.What effect might it have on the autism community with this research?And findings. It's beyond just research.We're excited to... It's not in the paper and it's not reported, but we've actually done some of those studies and we've found this virus present in a significant number of autistic samples that we've tested so far.So there is tremendous potential for this to potentially be something that will be solvable for the autism community.Be linked to a number of neuroimmune diseases, including autism. It certainly won't be all because there are genetic defects that result in autism, but there are also...Oh, there are genetic defects that also result in autism. Is that so? Really? Oh, wow.Interesting theory that I, as a neurobiologist, think is bullshit.Wow, I mean, we're just... I mean, this is just a home run. This is it. This is the end. This is the time when the dam starts to break. This is it.All the pieces are here. T-cell retroviruses? Really, no shit.Maybe there are even B-cell retroviruses. No shit, really. Is that how light chain systemic amyloidosis works?From a B-cell myeloma? I wonder if Kevin McCarron has ever explained what a B-cell myeloma and systemic light chain amyloidosis is.Or is he just focused on the spike protein?Ladies and gentlemen, capital L, capital A, capital I, capital R, capital S, liars have been used against us and have foisted upon us a mythology that we have been governed by for decades.And they are trying to invert our children's sovereignty by doubling and tripling down on this mythology once and for all.That's why Robert Malone has made no comment at all in four years about the veracity of Judy Mikovits' biology.That's why Judy Mikovits hasn't made one comment about whether or not Robert Malone is to be trusted.Because Murray Gardner and Riscetti and Gallo connect them.Thanks, Mark.The environmental effects, there is always, you know, the hypothesis that my child was fine and then they got sick and then they got autism.Interestingly on that note, if I might speculate a little bit, the vaccine, this might even explain why vaccines lead to autism in some children because these viruses live and divide and grow in this lymphocytes, the immune response cells, the B and the T cells.Imagine the implication that the immune system is being hijacked by retroviruses.Oh my goodness.I'm sorry, it might take a while for this to sink in.But Mark and I have been talking behind the scenes about the idea that retroviruses are the way that the immune system regulates itself for at least two years.Maybe three. Mark can tell you when I first said it.Because he inspired it in me because he was talking about packet communication in computers and it just suddenly snapped in my head, holy shit, that's what it is.Because the immune system can't possibly regulate different clonal populations of B cells and T cells with cytokines.There's no way to explain the patterns of T cell activation and T cell gene expression and T cell clonal activation and deactivation crescendo and day crescendo of inflammatory responses with chemokines and cytokines.It's not exhaustive at all. It doesn't even come close to explaining it.And I said it before I fully understood it the other day, but David Baltimore has been telling us this lie that all of this scheme of virology is outside of us that we don't do anything but do DNA to RNA, RNA through a ribosome, we get proteins and that's us.But, outside of us are all these much more complicated,obligate molecular pathogens that have figured out all these different waysto use all these different versions of genetic material that we never use.We would never use, even in a little while or in a littleexampler, in a little place or on a different system or for a particular case no no no no no no no no no no.You should understand yourself a DNA to RNA to ribosomto protein and this virology stuff is wheresingle-stranded DNA matters or double-stranded RNA can be copied or RNA can becan be replicated or that the the regulation of RNA can be done withwith copying it or to alter it or to splice it or no no no none of this is us.This is all how RNA viruses work and retroviruses work.They take a cell that doesn't use retroviruses and make them make retroviruses.They take cells that don't have anything that resembles this and make them do it.And here is Judy Mikovits in 2008 assuring you that she's tested autistic kids and found XMRV in them.Now I want you to ask yourself, has CHD ever interviewed Judy Mikovits?Has CHD in any of their employees ever dug down into this problem, dug down into what's happeningor did they just give her a mic and let her go?Because health freedom, you know, health freedom.We just want to get everybody a chance to talk even if they're full of shit likeRobert Malone was on the beach.It's okay, it's just you know it's the way that CHD works.They've got these these satellite organization, these chapters and they can't control the chapters.So the chapters can do whatever the hell they want to, which means any useful work that done by Brian Hookeror any of these other heroes can be infinitely diluted by the stupid shit that any one of thesechapters does, not a whole lot you can do about it, and they failed to start a CHD EU chapter,but they spent a lot of money, wasted a lot of money trying to start a CHD EU chapter.And of course I wouldn't be able to talk about any of this had I taken the $8,000 non-disclosureagreement offer that they gave me when they ended my position in December of 2024.Thanks a lot guys of January 24th. Thanks a lot for all the help, Mary.And I say Mary Holland because I know for sure that Lisa Bono is a good person and Lisa Bonoshould probably be the CEO of CHD and everything would be fine.She's the one who actually has skin in the game, who actually got Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to payattention by sitting on his porch. Mary Holland just happens to be a former faculty member ofColumbia University. Really? Really?And she gave up a Columbia faculty position to become CEO and part advisor to CHD just in time.I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, I don't buy it. I don't buy it at all. That's why Mary Holland is onRobert Malone's list of bad guys. That's why George Webb is on Robert Malone's list of bad guys.That's why Sasha Latapova is on his list of bad guys. And in fact, that was a while ago that shegot promoted to that list. And that's why Robert Malone was making a huge fake deal about how angryhe is at Sasha Latapova on Steve Kirsch's podcast two days ago. It's all an elaborate theater.And they've got more and more actors working off script because people like Jessica Hockett andNick Hudson and Mark Kulak and Jonathan Cooey have been throwing wrenches into the machinefor three years and they're starting to have an effect. And now unfortunately the internet iscoming back to bite him because the truth is actually still available. Probably by design,because as I've said before, the idea is to slow roll us to control the demolition of all of thesewestern republics. And so if they're going to slow roll us to the truth, they have to slowroll us to a lie about how it's all our fault and about how it wasn't a coordinated 30 year,40 year effort of liars that are interested in enslaving our grandkids, which is actually whatit is. And Judy Mikovits plays for that team and has been playing for that team since 2008,wittingly or unwittingly, she might not know it there. She might not know it at this time,but she's going to find out and she found out before the pandemic. I'm absolutely certain of it.And my main indication is that she has no opposition. Nobody tells you that Judy Mikovits is fullof bull. No one does. Robert Malone, Ryan Cole, Peter McCullough, Tommy, Pat Phil, Merrill Nass,anyone? The answer is no, because she's old school. So when you give a vaccine, you send yourB and T cells in your immune system into overdrive. That's its job. Well, if you're harboring onevirus and you replicated a whole bunch, you've now broken the balance between the immune responseand the virus. So you could have had the underlying virus and then amplified it with that vaccine andthen set off the disease. So essentially, she's forgiving the vaccine for having not known thata virus was there. If we would have known that the virus was there, she's almost arguing for avaccine against XMRV so that they get rid of that first. Maybe we should give a mark. Maybe we shouldgive a vaccine to babies to get rid of the XMRV so that they don't have it. So then the vaccineschedule will be safer. We could give like a pre vaccine vaccine that would get everybody safer.Oh my gosh, I can see it now. It's awesome. Your immune system could no longer control other infectionsand created an immune deficiency. Let's take a break. Wow. Exciting discovery. She's so excited.And happy. She was able to succinctly explain the causes of autism and AIDS all in the sameparagraph. I think we should roll it back and listen to it again. It was so good.If I might speculate a little bit, the vaccine, this might even explain why vaccineslead to autism in some children because these viruses live and divide and grow inthe lymphocytes, the immune response cells, the B and the T cells. So when you give a vaccine,you send your B and T cells in your immune system into overdrive. That's its job. Well,if you're harboring one virus and you replicated a whole bunch, you've now broken the balance betweenthe immune response and the virus. So you could have had the underlying virus and then amplified itwith that vaccine and then set off the disease such that your immune system could no longercontrol other infections and created an immune deficiency. Let's take a break more on this veryexciting discovery when we come back. Very exciting discovery. And the two guys who kind ofplotted into question just happened to be dead. Oh.To contact Nevada newsmakers. You guys want to watch the commercials or not? Vote in the chat.Otherwise, I'm going to click through. Go to Nevada newsmakers.com.[Music]Okay, no commercials. God, you shouldn't be a gamble. Call EmployerLate.[Music]Wow, a lot of attorneys. A lot of attorneys.[Music]And back on Nevada Newsmakers on a great day here with Annette Wittemore, president and founder ofthe Wittemore Peterson Institute and Judy Mikevitz, who is the director of research for WPI.You wanted to clear up something about vaccines. Well, I just wanted to say that we certainlyare advocating vaccinations and understand how important those are to the well-being of thechildren. But Annette Wittemore, president and founder of the Wittemore Peterson Instituteand Judy Mikevitz, who is the director of research for WPI, you wanted to clear up something aboutvaccines. Well, I just wanted to say that we certainly are advocating vaccinations and understandhow important those are to the well-being of the children. But what we're hoping for is by findingout whether or not somebody is positive to XMRV, whether it's one family member or another.Brian Hooker is the reason CHD exists. I've become convinced of the fact that Brian Hooker is underthe control or under the under the auspices of CHD because that's all they can do.[Music]If you're going to buy a book from CHD and you're not going to buy the Wuhan cover-up just so youcan send it to me and have me autograph it, then I suggest you buy this book. This book.[Music]This is the book you should buy. Bax Unbax, Let the Science Speak. It's not an exhaustive book,but there's an awful lot in here. And if you ignore Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and ignore Del BigTree, then what you're essentially doing is buying a book by Brian Hooker who has the ultimate skinin the game and I think is the reason probably why CHD was formed in the first place. BesidesLaura Bono's great courage and all of the moms and dads that are involved in the movie Vaxed.The reason why is because of Brian Hooker because he was the only one who had the courage and theguts and the drive to drive all the way across the United States and meet with that guy from theCDC and actually get him to confess and give him the data which showed that the CDC was hiding,especially in effect in young black children. And this book is a descendant of that crusadeand it is a best culmination or compilation of papers that show that vaccines are ineffectiveand that vaccines actually hurt children regularly. So this is the book that CHD shouldbe selling, only this book. And yet somehow or another CHD is also selling this book,which I think is a great big shitty lie and also selling this book which I think is a really largecollection of lies interspersed with some real biology that I was able to get in.I'm not saying Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is a liar. I'm saying that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.wrote a book based on the fact that he thinks a lot of the people in this book are genuinely notliars. Brett Weinstein, Jeffrey Sacks, Richard E. Bright, Tony Fauci, Peter Desack, Ralph Barakare all in this book and from Bobby's perspective it's he can't see yet what I am trying to teachon this on this stream, but I've tried to show it to him and I think he understands that it'sat least a possibility, but this is a historic document to show you what these people liedabout and what exactly they said. And so I think it's a very useful document.And I am very proud of the contributions that I made to it.Even the fact that in that book is codified the trick, the trick that I got played on me.We can talk about that later. I don't want to use too much time in thisto talk about that book. We should do a stream sometime about that book because we can coverevery part of the thing that I put in that book. And then we can also say what I thinkwhat the main not mistake, but the main thing that they wanted to use me to do was to reinforce theidea that diffuse was something real. And I did not do that, but I kind of did it. And they stillhad a quote from me that I couldn't deny and I couldn't really ask him to take out. I guess Icould have where I said that a lot of other scientific grants are done before they're submitted.And so it wouldn't be crazy if a grant from a virology lab would have data in it that wasalready completed or experiments in it that were already completed. And so he and other peoplelike Charles Rixie and Andrew Huff have used that idea, whether they got it from me or not,I don't care, use that idea and really gone and run with it with the idea that in academic biology,like where I was working at the University of Pittsburgh, many of those neurobiologists willhave, let's say, all of their experiments will have pilot data. And then they'll show that pilotdata in their grant proposal so that the grant committee understands that the experiments alreadycan work and the data is already gatherable. And the methodologies already work. And so under thatpretense, it would be possible for someone to make the, oh, that's awesome. It's perfect. Thank youvery much. The disingenuous argument that these, the diffuse proposal represents experiments alreadydone. However, I would argue that any grant proposal in the context of biosecurity or in thecontext of DARPA or other government defense programs, that those experiments are much lesslikely to be held to the same kind of scrutiny with regard to preliminary data. And again,how can I make that argument? Because in a grant proposal, when you have preliminary data, it wouldbe there. You see the one thing that they left out of the argument, and it's in the book. You canread it in the book, but people like Andrew Huff and Charles Rixie who try to use this argument asthough it makes sense to them and they understand it because they've never been in academics. Well,Andrew Huff has been in academia for a little while. So he might understand that a lot of timesgrants are semi-completed. The experiments proposed are semi-completed so you can showpreliminary data. But the funny part is, and this is where you can see right through it, and whymy contributions to this book are actually very good still, is because when I explain that,when I explain that a lot of times when grants are submitted, the data can already be done,or some of it can already be done, or the experiments can be ongoing, I explained that thereason why is because that preliminary data is necessary for the grant to be approved.But if there's no preliminary data in the diffuse proposal, then why make the argument that theexperiments have already been done? It would have created more likelihood that their experiments wouldbe granted and funded had they shown preliminary data. And since the diffuse proposal has nopreliminary data, then the argument that it's probably already been done is actually a prettystupid argument because if they had any preliminary data that could show that some of their experimentsproposed were already being done, then it would have been more likely for them to get that proposalfunded. But instead, that proposal was not ever going to be funded. That proposal was createdwith the intention of getting this back on script to make sure that there would be even more woodon the fire of the Scooby-Doo Mystery. And that is why Charles Rixie came to my house,because we had to do a show and he had to come and convince me in personthat the diffuse proposal was not to be discarded as a ruse, but to be taken very seriously becausehe's a Marine and a Marine gave it to him or something like that. Ladies and gentlemen,the illusion is breaking and it's breaking because of Mark's historical work, because ofour biological work, and because how the history of this biology is where the truth is to be found.It's unfortunate synergy for the people who don't like us.And then looking forward in children, you could all alter the immune response in such a way orprotect the child and still be able to vaccinate and avoid autism in these kids. So and again,I don't think that either one of us are sitting here and saying vaccination causes autism,rather a number of factors, a genetic susceptibility to the illness that the infection itself.And then on top of that, you're adding something to that mix that takes that child.Mod RNA, I would suggest to you that I'm going to keep this paranoid stuff up forever now.This is where I am because this is the truth. If you don't like it, start a podcast,I'd be happy to watch it. I bet it'd be hilarious. Just to make sure you know that I don't blockpeople in the chat. I watch all the all the stuff go by, including your silly stuff. Have fun.Over the top. You know, one of the things that's interesting to me is that, you know, we're notvery far away from actually being able to resolve a lot of the problems for these people. I mean,we've seen with HIV/AIDS that it has now been put under control for many, many people.And are we looking for the same thing for not just ME and CFS, but for many other diseases as well?Yeah, absolutely. So we, as you said, we've got a lot of experience in drug development,and these retroviruses work the same. So we have drugs that are already FDA approved on the marketthat we can now begin rational clinical trials and actually treat and come close to theproving causality when we do indeed have people be... Coming close to proving causality, comingclose. But you know, because it's a null hypothesis and you're going to always falsify it, then you'renever actually get there, right? Because paparian science doesn't ever get there. This is amazing.Better. So actually, we are working on treatments right now. And I think one of the biggest thingsthat we feel is very, very important is that we continue this work on this pace to solve thisproblem as quickly as possible. And that's going to require some funding. And we're really hopingand we're working very hard right now with the NIH to accommodate those needs and get some fundinginto this area as soon as possible. It drives right with Rob Rimalone's repurposed drugs nonsense.Clinical trials. Nice catch. I know that this was embargoed until today by Science Magazine,but what has been the result of the medical community? I will let Judy answer that one,because it's been phenomenal. The scientific community has just been... They're just great.Aren't they? They're just great. We presented these data three times, twice at closed conferencesat the end of the year. Sorry, what? We presented these data three times, twice at closed conferences.I think Mark has nailed it. I think Mark has nailed it. I think that this was a plan. This wasthe first attempt. Maybe the other one, the HTLV was the first attempt to try andstart to move forward with an explanation that involved viruses for more thingsand covering up whatever this ME/CSF is. It's really extraordinary, ladies and gentlemen. I don'tthink that there's anything else to do, just but keep working, because this is a absolute slam dunk.Because again, Mikovits, Rusketti, Hillary Koprowski, Murray Gardner, Robert Malone,Lederberg, Prusner, David Baltimore. These are all people that knew each other and existedat the same time and have been in these backroom meetings and presentations about these ideas.If they didn't understand them, they definitely understand now that we are being governed bythis mythology. I believe that all of these people are involved in a decades-longsustaining effort, a theater, a theatrical effort designed to bamboozle. Non-governmentorganizations and government organizations alike, the entire populace of the world has been bamboozledby a few handfuls of scientists. A surprising number of them are Americans. There's no doubt.But these are scientists who are aligned to powers that are not American, aligned to powersthat are super American or outside of America or who would like to bring down America. MaybeRockefeller, after they split up Standard Oil, I think Rockefeller said he was going to bankruptAmerica, but that was the last thing he did. Rockefeller is also supposedly responsible forthe modern medicine as it stands, because he perpetuated the idea of pharmaceuticals and pushedthem into the medical schools. Isn't that the history that we're supposed to believe?Well, then it seems very clear to me that maybe some of that is big truth.Weaponized piles of money have been orchestrating a controlled demolition of America since 100years ago. Well, now it's making a lot of sense why fractional reserve banking is something thatnone of these people talk about. I'm the only biologist in the whole world who can say fractionalreserve banking out loud and be okay with it. Chin wanted an international meeting.A few weeks ago, and you could hear a pin drop in the audience. It's amazement. The scientists areexcited. Everyone's working on it, so we know we're going to get a lot of help, but it's justamazement. It's an entire new field of medicine. I think she's bamboozled. I think she actuallybelieves that it's possible she might get a Nobel Prize for this. I don't know. I have thefeeling that that is possible because I know what it feels like to think that you've discoveredsomething new. I know what it feels like when other people tell you that, holy cow, this idea iswonderful. I felt it for just a little while while I was a neurobiologist in Norway becausethe data that I was gathering in this one type of cell and this one location in the brainwas exclusively inhibitory. In my imagination, an inhibitory microcircuit could do something that aheterogeneous excitatory inhibitory microcircuit has a lot harder time doingbecause you have to balance the activation with the inhibition. That balances needs to be veryprecise. Certain patterns are not just going to spontaneously show up, but if you just wireeveryone to everyone via inhibition, then certain patterns are very easy to evolve.I had thought that inhibition was more important than excitation in the brain since I started inneurobiology because the brain to me as a child, I know this is going to sound crazy,but it's an idea that I've had since a child. The brain seemed to me more like an electric enginethan a engine that needed fuel. The brain felt very much like to me whether it was onor whether the brakes were on. When I woke up in the morning, I felt like I was on maximum.For me, as I grew older, what that translated into was that it really makes sense to me ifI got older, I started to understand electric engines and internal combustion engines and steamengines and all this stuff. It started to dawn on me that electric engines might be how the brainworks. In other words, the throttle is always on full blast and then you use the brake to control.Now imagine that the throttle of your brain is the gate when you're awake and now you get allthis sensory input that you can't possibly keep track of. You can't possibly process all the sound,all the proprioception, all the visual information, all the taste information, and all the olfactoryinformation that's present at once. It's not possible. You need to have brakes in the system thatput the brakes on, things that you're not paying attention to and let the brake off when you wantthat information. That made a lot more sense to me as a high schooler than the idea of thinkingthat neurons were turning each other on and that it was just a question of whether one was connectedto the other. That didn't make any sense because then that meant that every connection had to bebuilt. Then I got more sophisticated in neurobiology and I found out, wait, they've already known thatmore connections than are necessary are present in the brain and then they get pruned over childhood.Then my brain, even my understanding was like, oh, wait, that totally jives becauseyou would prune the connections that you don't use and then you would be left with the connectionsand control them by brake. Then I got all the way out of high school and into biology and thought Iwas going to be a doctor and then it took another 15 years before I met a mentor that could say tome, hey, what is your idea about inhibition again? Tell me why that's cool. Then I said itand I explained this whole story and then he said, I can make a model of that.Then he made a model and it went in my paper and people were telling me, oh my gosh,dude, you've really done something really special here. Then they started saying more and more oftenthat actually the modeler had done something very special here and Jay's data supported the model.Then I started to realize that my idea was going to be taken from me because I was anexperimentalist and the model is what people cared about apparently. The mathematical model thatrecapitulated the experimental data that I predicted I would get and got was now essentially justedifying a model and the model was being credited with the idea. In fact, the Iranianmodeler who made the model in my paper was on the front of Science Magazine a year lateras one of the top rising stars of neurobiology but he was essentially on there because he wasallowed to make a model based on my idea and my experimental data. For a very brief period oftime, I thought I was about to be a baller. I was going to become somebody that everybody'swhose name they knew and instead that's not what happened at all. Instead, a Chinese guytook shared first authorship because he made a virus that I don't think he made. I think he justbought and he went later back to China and started stealing ideas like the Magneto protein that I'vetold you the story about before. The Mosers went on to win the Nobel Prize a year and a half later.Edward and Maybrid are awesome scientists. The guy that I worked with in Norway,Menovitter, is an awesome scientist. The nature of the way these things work is that if you make amodel, then for some reason or another, that's your idea and that's your thing and you becomevery special for it. I had that idea in my head since I was a high schooler and it came to fruitionwhen I was 32 years old in Norway, 31. It became the idea of Yasarudy and Yasarudy was put onthe front cover of science for that idea. Again, I humbly submit that it was in my headsince high school. Basically, I just didn't know that it would eventually come to beexperimentally tested by Pashklant Physiology by my own hands.And everyone who's ever worked in this family of viruses now that we've shown it's a humanand pathogen. It's not to be sorry. Do not be sorry, Daniel. That's not why I tell that story.What I tell that story for is for you to understand how academic biology works. I still succeeded.I got to go back to the Netherlands with my wife and try to set up a lab there and I failedin the Netherlands for other reasons. I was trying to move on from that really good idea in Norwayand because that really good idea was a very small part of that Nobel Prizecatalog of work, a very tiny part, almost like a cherry on top of the cherry. Like,"Oh yeah, and by the way, there's this little detail." And it was a little detail that actuallygot my name on the screen behind Edward Moser when he was accepting the Nobel Prize in 2014.Which is pretty badass to get a text from a friend who's sitting in the audience in Oslo.And he says, "Dude, your name is on screen right now. Holy shit." That was the highlight of myscientific career. And I can't thank Edward enough for allowing me to be that tiny littlehandmade Brit for being that tiny little part in their wonderful story. But I want you tounderstand how academia works because that was their idea and it started from their idea. I couldhave never put a frame on my idea without their discovery that they got the Nobel Prize for thegrid cell. And when that idea clicked into my head when I was still working in Oslo forJohann Storm, that idea was still, I didn't take ownership of it like it's mine. It's like, "Ohmy gosh, I can build on that. I know. Look, look, look, look, look, look." And everybody got excitedabout it. And I was totally fine because it's not our ideas. When you play a great riff on the guitar,you can't take credit for that if you've been listening to Joe Satriani and Steve Vai andMiles Davis and all these musicians your whole life. And then some brilliant riff comes out.You can't blame that on yourself. And one some great riff like, "However you explain creation,there is a reverence I believe all thinking humans should naturally develop. And if theydon't, it's because they were prevented from it. I haven't come to these good ideas on my own."Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting theimmune system is dumb. His words that are inspired by my friend Aaron and my friend Jackieand my friend Rita and my friend Brian Hooker, who even though I don't have as much contact as Iwould like to, I am absolutely certain to the bottom of my bones that these are really courageouspeople fighting for the truth, fighting for our kids and yours and our grandchildren.But there are meddlers, ladies and gentlemen, everywhere because we are governed by liarsand the lies they agree to tell us. And it goes back decades and once we acknowledge that it'sjust it's like taking candy from a baby. We're going to be done very quick. The threshold isgoing to be reached and the dam will break. Extremely excited. You started this investigationbecause of your daughter and her lengthy illness with CFS. What's your response now and what'sher response? Oh, we are just absolutely overwhelmed. We are so excited to be able to put a nameto the item. You know, the path of their chin that's really been causing her problems. Butthere's always that little bit of sadness now, you know, where you've held on for a really,really long time and said, you know, we're going to do this, we're going to do it andevery once in a while we stop and we're a little bit sad for the lost health and on all the losttears and then we just go right back out there and you know, I'm just I'm looking forward to allthe new treatment options that are going to be available and we're actually, we've already talkedto a large group of scientists about possible vaccine. Judy has mentioned to me several timesthat this is going to be. It's really a vaccine to prevent autism then, right? Because if XMRV isa dormant virus that gets kicked into full gear by a vaccination, then if we could get rid of,we could get rid of XMRV first and actually we would make the whole vaccine schedule better.Judy Mikovits is on the verge of being a worldwide hero, a Nobel Prize winning discovery.You see that, right? You see her to find a vaccination against this then HIV because it is asimple retrovirus. So yes, and that is the amazing thing. It's just unbelievable. There are obviouslygoing to be a lot of people who have a lot of questions about this and this broadcast is goingto be seen around the world literally online. Where do people come to find the information?Well, we hope they'll come to our website and visit us at www.wpinstitute.org. We've put up a lotof information about XMRV, questions and answers and we're hoping to do a, what is it called, a post,you know, so they can post their questions and then they can post their comments, a board of somesort. So, write online and certainly you'll probably get quite a bit of feedback. Yes,and we'll put a link to your website on our website. I, even though we've discussed howearth-shattering this is, I don't think people are going to understand, but over the next fewmonths as this rolls out and I just can't say, you know, how excited I am for you and I alsohave a family member that suffers from fibromyalgia. We should speak to that just very quickly thatfibromyalgia, we include that in this group. We did bring in some samples and they tested positiveas well. So, there's a lot of folks out there that are going to find that there's a reason for theirsymptoms. There is an answer and there are going to be some treatments that are going to make adifference. Huge promises being made. It's just wonderful. Your building isn't finished yet. Iknow, you know, it was really funny about a year ago. I told Judy, I said, "Okay,gendarm items, what are we going to do? We're going to find the underlying cause of this disorder,develop treatments, and we're going to have a vaccine." I said, "Well, do you think you can dothat before the doors are open and then, you know, we can figure out what we're going to do in thatspace?" But, yeah, I am just absolutely thrilled and I do believe... Imagine if a national securityoperation shows you to be the forward-facing element of an operation to convince peoplethat there was a solution for the imperfect vaccine schedule and that you were told in aprivate meeting that if you just could get the public to buy this story, you will be a part ofthis governing structure for the rest of your career and take an illustrious position amongst us.This is 2008, ladies and gentlemen. This is not that long ago, but if you think of this as amulti-generational war and certainly an operation that was designed to preserve the integrity ofthe vaccine schedule and that the vaccine schedule has existed for a lot longer than the pandemic,then you see why CHD's history is worth looking at. You can see why ICANN's history is worth lookingat. You can see why the history of Judy Mikovits is worth looking at and you can see why none ofthese people ever talk about each other in any way, really, because this operation startedbefore the pandemic. The pandemic is supposed to be, again, the public view, the skilled TVwatcher event. But the critical thinker armed with historical knowledge realizes that the COVIDpandemic was just an absolute seamless continuation, maybe a crescendo of the narration and narrativethat was already being foisted upon us in a continuous basis with a continuous stream of actors,since at least the year 2000, maybe more, probably much more, if you look atMark's website and believe any of those things are real, any of those historical documents arereal, which I'm sure they are. I'm just trying to bait you into realizing that Mark has hours andhours and hours of reading for you to do, even if you just skim it, hours and hours of newspaperarticles which show the direct intellectual descendants of these core meddlers, Baltimore,Gallo, Gardner, etc. Kuprowski and Stanley Plotkin and Liederberg, very big players.And so ladies and gentlemen, I think we're really close to a damn break here and so we've got tokeep the pressure steady. I'm going to keep playing this video, but I am going to try and get donewith it in a little bit too, so it's not too long. It's already 151. Geez. We are going to move veryrapidly on this. Congratulations. Thank you so much. And we look forward to you coming back andtelling us more about the progress. Oh, okay. We're done right now. We'll be back with anothernewsmaker after this time out. Let me see what else comes up.Nevada newsmakers. Okay, so we don't need to do that. That's great. So thanks very muchfor joining me today. I didn't expect it to end right there. I apologize for that.I do think that it's worthwhile for me to go through this really quick. I know some peopleget tired of it, but I do think that they have discapacitated, no, decapacitated our abilityto exercise informed consent. You can't say no if you don't understand. And we've had a lack ofunderstanding since before the pandemic. And that wasn't really as obvious to me as it is right nowever before. As some of you may know, I only really started to pull my head out in 2022.And so I've got a lot of regrets. I've lost people to this lie and probably helped them toaccept the coercive, um, transfection because I was saying lab leak when I shouldn't have been.Um, they did this because there is an organized and intelligent manipulation of our consciousthoughts. And it is done by liars on the internet, um, who agree to coordinatedly lie about certainthings. And at the beginning of the pandemic, they coordinatedly lied about the existence ofa novel virus and then coordinatedly lied about how the illusion was created. The illusion wascreated by mass casualty events in New York city, in Italy and elsewhere. And these mass casualtyevents in combination with testing were misconstrued as the start of a multi year biological disaster.And that multi year biological disaster as a worst case scenario was fueled by many differentstages on the internet. Many different points of view, all of which were coordinatedly lying aboutthe potential for this novel virus to cause billions of people to die. And they are lyingcoordinatedly about the role that fear, that the role that do not through, secitate orders,that pulse oximeters and high flow oxygen, that ventilation, that lack of antibiotic use or thepoor use of steroids, remdesivir, medazolam, et cetera, opioid deaths that were escalating from2019 onward with the intention of having more excess deaths to misconstrue as this problem.This pre ordained death certificate fraud, this pre ordained financial incentives, which made itimpossible for the numbers to be correct. The track and trace that made it impossible for thenumbers to be correct. And of course, the PCR fraud, the lateral flow test fraud, and the likelysequencing fraud, all of which contributes to illusion of a novel virus and all of which isignored by these performers, including the no virus people who have ignored assembling this listfor four years. And especially in the context of debating anyone, whenever they want to discusswith someone not on their team, they will exclusively only talk about the terms isolation,purification, and culture. When it would be very easy to dunk on all of us and say, hey,not only is isolation, purification and culture all things that they lie about, but in order topreserve that lie, they murdered people in America and in Italy. How succinct is that? Why do I needto write a substack where I can say it in two sentences? And so I'm going to say it in twosentences. Again, I think that some of these people in the green circles are involved inobfuscating the show. Obfuscating the fact that we could have been here in 2020, if we would havelistened to people like Knutwitkowski, Mike Eden, or Wolfgang Wodach. But instead, we listened topeople and continue to listen to people like Jessica Rose, Harvey Reich, Brett Weinstein,Meryl Nass, and Robert Malone, all of whom have been coordinating their actions and coordinatingtheir messaging since at least 2020, if not before. And the worst part is that they inviteNick Hudson and they invite Denny Rancor to some remote location like Romania, pretend that they'reeverybody's listening and pretend that they're going to get their message out, and then they comeback to the United States and they mislead the young people in the world about what these people said.And in the case of Nick Hudson, they just don't even tell young people that Nick Hudson existsand that he had something to say about no pandemic. And they ignore the part that Denny Rancor saysabout what the pandemic data in the United States looks like, even though they purport to befighting for America because they were invited to speak in front of the Senate to try and bringtruth. But the truth that they brought contained nothing to do with the message that Nick Hudsonbrought to that meeting in Romania and nothing to do with the message that that that Denny Rancorbrought to that meeting in Romania. And instead, they brought other people from that meeting inRomania to the Senate in the United States. And it was Robert Malone who did it. Robert Maloneis the one who made this list because he's got Senator Ron Johnson's ear for whatever reason.And no matter how many times I tell them and the staff that that's not a good idea,it's going to keep going like this because this is a show.There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young ladies and gentlemen andthey are trying to trick us into teaching our children this bullshit. This bullshit about howit was a combination of a botched response and a novel virus and vulnerabilities that are differentacross races and different batches that can explain this. But basically, transfection will work inthe future and it's fine for us to keep going. And RNA can cause a pandemic and it's doing it all thetime. And it's a lie. And they're all sophisticated enough to know it. Robert Malone was sophisticatedenough to know it. Jessica Rose is sophisticated enough to know it. Jessica Rose is only firstauthor papers are virology papers. Give me a break. They all know the limitations of RNA virology.There's no way that Robert Malone cut his teeth with Murray Gardner and doesn't know that there'sa lot of lies being told about retroviruses as being exclusively exogenous, obligate molecularpathogens outside of us instead of a echo of something that exists inside of us as part ofour own biology. And all of these people are coordinated lying about the significance of thislist as if it's well it could account for some stuff. Stuff was made worse. But there was stilla novel virus. There's still long COVID. Steve Kirsch, Robert Malone, Jessica Rose, BrettWeinstein, Merrill Nass, novel virus, long COVID, the whole nine yards, even though we just watchedJudy Mikovits talk about chronic fatigue syndrome and all these other things that have seeminglyjust disappeared now because there's long COVID. Think about how biologically disingenuous it isfor these people to behave like they behave. There's no other way to think about why thesebooks were written and who published them. There's no other way to think about this deception.Just read it. Just read these words. They seeded a gain of function narrative with scientificprograms and peer reviewed publications for years. All the publications of EcoHealth Alliance fundedby USAID are gray smoke screens. They don't actually show any gain of function. They don'tshow anything other than they have the molecular techniques to make these sequences. That's it.And they can grow cell cultures, I guess. And they seeded mass casualty events with complicationsexpected for transfection so that when they transfected us we would confound it with whateverhappened with the virus, with the spike protein. And that's what Kevin McCairn and Fleming andall of these people did, wittingly or unwittingly. And the reason why they are so committed to theselies is because it's a national security operation. It is part of an ongoing controlleddevolution of America that's supposed to cover up the failing fractional reserve banking systemand the inevitable downcycling of a fiat currency like the dollar.And the chaos is being combined with confusion so that they can reorganize our national sovereigntysystem into a global prison. They are slavers, ladies and gentlemen, and they want to enslaveour children and our grandchildren. And they're going to do it with lies, lies that were implantedin our brains many, many, many, many, many years ago. And most of us are still very naive to it.Ladies and gentlemen, this is the thesis. The NIA funded infectious clone may or may not have beenused because an RNA cannot pandemic so if they really wanted biologists to believe it, they wouldhave had to put the signal there and lie about it. And people like Robert Malone are exactly thekind of people that I think are capable of lying about such an operation. I think Pierre Corrieand Peter McCullough and all of these front line kind of doctors all exhibit the behavior of peoplewho are aware that they are part of a theater like this. And especially when they talk to me in person.Ladies and gentlemen, this has given Giga own biological a high resistance low noiseinformation brief brought to you by a biologist. I hope you guys are okay with that show.If you want to share it, please do. You can find it on rumble, peer tube, YouTube and Twitch.And you can also find all those links at GigaOmbiological.com where you can alsofind lots of different ways to support the stream with a one time donation or a monthly donation.Anything you can provide would be greatly appreciated because unlike Steve Kirsch'svaccine safety research foundation that is getting money from the places like the SkollFoundation, which also supports PBS NewsHour. This show is only supported by people like you.It's really actually that Steve Kirsch's organization is not like that. The FLCCC paysPierre Corrie $230,000 a year as part of their work. The guy who's got a ivermectin book.Sure, he needs $230,000 a year as an extra salary from the FLCCC because he's doing such great workLadies and gentlemen, if we don't show these posers for who they are, our children are goingto be accepting them as the coming technology is ingeschackeld, so to say in Netherlands.Dankjewel voor voor het kijken en tot morgen allemaal!Do you want to see more of these videos? Please leave a like and subscribe!Do you want to see more of these videos? Please leave a like and subscribe!youyouyouyouyouyouyouyouyou[ Silence ]