[BLANK_AUDIO]>> Taking the Knicks heart yet again.>> And they're eight.>> Four, Trey, looking to drive.>> Game time.>> Shoots, hits it![APPLAUSE]>> Despite a rear contest from Spencer Denwood.>> Young, backtrack, five to two, young.>> Let's it go, and hits!>> Woo!>> Ice cold![MUSIC]>> 11 point advantage, largest lead right now for the Hawks.Trey's left alone in the corner.[MUSIC]Now it's a 14 point advantage.>> Yeah, and you can see Trey's just feeling good.Those are the kind of hits to Admiral.Multiple crossovers, young, andhis shot blocked with a foul on the Magic.>> [NOISE]>> 59-45.Trey floats it home against an and one.>> [NOISE]>> 25.>> Good job, but sometimes when you pop a guy in the mouth, man,that wakes him up.Trey will get the contact and the bucket.>> Well, that's what you get when, and Brian, you know this.[MUSIC]>> Trey escapes the double, goes back at it, still working,still fighting, but hit it!>> Spencer will keep missing shots.>> Trey Young steps back over Williams, take that!Butter!>> 18 games, now, we mentioned a couple of times, double clutch,and what a move by the way by Trey Young, he has now 15.>> 4 seconds, 3, Trey, driving, and one!>> Donovitch, 10 seconds to go, Atlanta has a timeout, will they use it?No, here's Young and the flyer, floater up and go!Atlanta takes a one point win![MUSIC]>> Trey, steps back, connects.>> The lead at 12.1.Trey for three.>> Again, shot clock at 8, good defense by Horford, forcing Young back out ofthe perimeter, Sideson, free is gone!>> Young in transition, little in and out dribble, through the foul, counted!Trey Young in one!>> Here comes Trey Young, Trey 11 points in that first half,dancing against Bob.>> Trey, boy, he's working Kispert over!>> In the east, here's Trey Young, the jumper, good, snr.>> Isolation, Young, step back for three, bottom.>> Shooters in the game, and possession of the ball for Atlanta.Trey Young, the floater.>> Four for Miss Fyre, Trey.>> Here, Trey.>> The floater.>> Got it!>> The last got a little peppermint stuff here.>> Racers just led by 7, 62-55, and Young.[MUSIC]>> Young, the floater for the lead.>> The jump shot.[MUSIC]>> Trey Young, once again.>> Brunson had an open three, neither guy could connect.>> A big time crossover, and bucket by Young.>> The last nine for the Thunder.Young trying to shed.>> Young, a step back three over Bancaro.Got it.That's his first three tonight, where they went all.[MUSIC]>> Oks looking for some life here, is this scheme?>> It's funny, I talked to Domasa about his family.We hear so much about our beat-up.>> The chance, 10 points here in this opening quarter.Trey Young.>> Two-buck.>> And top shot, and 60% in two games, an averaging 23 games.>> Trey scores again.>> Trey working that dribble.>> Caruso trying to stay in front of him.>> Back up three, good.Trey Young.>> Hello.[MUSIC]>> Trey with the floater.>> It's hard to shoot an air ball right that close to the ball.>> Trey to the basket.>> The third quarter.Shooter trying to guard Trey Young, floater again.>> Trey through the double.Scores it.>> Bautakowicz, good ball movement.Trey will float it and hit it.>> Realized that there's other parts to scoring.>> Trey backs, hits.>> The same guy, and what he's doing is going straight to the rack.>> Trey is the reverse.>> He's a left-handed guy, but he's shaking left-hand.>> There you are, get to the basket.[MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO]>> I'm not sure exactly who he is.His name is J.J. Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.[BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][BLANK_AUDIO][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC][MUSIC]>> Good morning, everybody.It's 10, 15 in the morning, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.Good to see you, Jeff.Good to see you, Daniel Pamela in the first three there.Annie, nice to see you.And Hitari Mama all the time in the chat.I will agree with you.I don't think that Trey is like the best NBA player of all time.I don't think Trey is the example of somebody who's absolutely normal doing an NBA level of basketball with a normal body, a normal gifts.He's not 6'10".He can't jump out of the gym, and he still competes with these giant people, these freaks of nature.That's what I like about Trey.Everybody doubted him.If he walked into a room, you wouldn't even know he was an NBA player.And the guy is a master, and it's just wonderful to see human skill at that level, unaugmented by freakish genes.Mike Vandenberg, next date.Or something like that, because there are freakish genes out there that are.I mean, LeBron James is not a normal biological specimen.If he was in the room next to me, he might even say that he might be of a different species.Like he's gigantic compared to me.There's a whole different skeleton, a whole different athletic ability, a whole different...He's got a photographic memory that I don't have for the physical things that he does.Like, he can remember an entire game, play by play.These people are all exceptional, and what makes Trey Young so exceptional is that he is minus all of these physical gifts.I'm sure he's fast. I'm sure he's faster than me or you.But the guy is not gifted, like so many of these people in the NBA are.And he still hangs with them. I just find it amazing.I find it really inspiring.My son's fire is really inspiring, I think, because of that same reason.But there is no question Luca is really cool too. I really like him a lot. I love his style.One of the hidden blessings of the pandemic has been the entry of basketball into my family's life after many, many years of being something that I used to hide within.Basketball was something that gave me a lot of identity and foundation when I was young.And so it's been something that since my kids have taken it up, my boys, it's really been something that's really lit in the new fire in my life.And I want to make gentle the life of this world. I want to be able to focus on coaching basketball.I want other people to focus on art and creating music and all of the things that humans are really meant to do.And not to be coward in our little houses afraid of the future.I want my kids to look forward to the future.And right now I got to be really honest with you ladies and gentlemen. My kids don't look forward to the future.So when I see this video right here and I think of myself as a father, what kind of opportunities do I have to do this for my children if our schools are messed up?What opportunities do I have to do this for my children if our tax and student loan and university systems are all ruined?What do I have a chance to do this for my son and for other kids as a teacher if we don't straighten our priorities out?As beautiful as I find that image, I feel like this image is much more important and our children are there at the bottom of that wave.Our college kids are at the bottom of that wave and we need to risk our lives to save them.We need to risk everything to save them. We need to tell the truth right now about these lies.And we tell the truth by staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait on television and social media and loving our neighbor,not fighting with them, not arguing with them, not taking one side or the other,but realizing that that act of taking a side is exactly what they want you to do.The only side to take is the side of the peasants, the side of the blue collar people that work every day and that have worked every day.They want to fracture us and the only way to do it is to share this stream if you can.That's not the only way to do it. There are lots of people fighting. You just got to find them.It's not as many as you think. It's not the ones that have millions of subscribers. It's not the ones that have had sub-stacks or books about one topic,you know, like the Bears or like Ivermectin or the lies my government told me.These are all people that have been put in front of us in order to sustain this New World Order mythology about a gain-of-function virus that escaped from a laboratoryand now we're facing the consequences of it.The paradigm is about to shift, ladies and gentlemen, as the masses start to wake up,drop their own hands from their eyes, throw their phone in the garbage, delete some apps,and stop sustaining the illusion by participating in it.Once you have the knowledge, you can engage in non-compliance and that's what GigaOm Biological is all about,helping to happen. United Non-Compliance by Learning the Biology, this is GigaOm Biological, the 29th of October 2024.So thanks for joining me.[Music]That was supposed to be a long cut. I apologize, I'm still learning how to do this beginning here.This is GigaOm Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist and a basketball fan.I started the video today a little early. I'm going to try and do that a little early to make sure that I'm ready to goand that I push the button and I got to do it, even if the slides don't quite come out right or something like that.10-10 in the morning during the week is going to be our new time that we're going to try and hit every day.Did I say October? I meant April. I don't know what's going on. It's early and I'm still finishing my second cup of coffee,so maybe there's still some gears that need to get the oil.Anyway, I thought I'd start with Trey again because of what I said earlier.For me, he's been kind of an inspirational guy in the NBA.There's a few interviews that if you dig them up, you can really find a very humble, he's a professional.It's crazy to think that someone as young as him entering the NBA could be to rise to such an occasion,but he's a family man, he's a real nice guy, and he's very humble because there's an interview that I saw with himand he kind of inspired me to use him to start this show where he said that when he first got into the NBA,it was a real big adjustment because he's leading grown men that are 28 or 30 years old. They got kids.This is their life.The kind of pressure that he faced was not only pressure for his own game and for living up to the hype,but also for being a little tiny guy and way too skinny and everybody underestimating him, but also meeting the challenge of being teammateswith other men that are other professionals.And it's crazy because sometimes we talk about these guys like they're, you know, obviously they make a lot of money,but they're professionals.And moving from one company to another or one branch to another one team to another, they're professionals.They're trying to get the most out of their body while their body can still give it to them, knowing that once their body has been used up by this machine,no one's going to care.Nobody cares about Michael Jordan anymore. Nobody talks about him. Nobody, you know, it's a,well, they're not making any money off of him anymore and Trey, as long as they can make money off of them, of course, they're going to hype him the moment that he fails,the moment that he falls apart, there's five other guys they're going to replace him with and they'll hype them up just as quickly.And I just, I think it's really important to see that we are in the midst of what is essentially a,a rigged game.It's not about who's biology is the best, who's jump shot is the best, who's got the best explanation, who's got the, the nicest and succinct,most reasonable explanation. It's not going to be who's asking the right questions and how they ask them.That's why Jessica Hawke had asking good questions about New York City, no matter how many good questions he asked, she's never going to be in the starting lineup.Because it's not like the NBA, it's not a meritocracy where no matter who doubts you when you score the points, you score the points, and then the hype starts because they want to make money off of that.It's not an organic system where no matter who has the right answer, it doesn't matter, they're the ones who are going to rise. They're the ones who are going to get on Tucker, they're the ones who are going to get thestack or, or, or get the start the nonprofit. It's not like that.Or the book deal.And it's been made to seem like it's that it's made to seem like people are getting censored and despite censorship, they're rising.No.That's not the way this works.And so, unlike the NBA where Trey Young, despite the doubt, got the chance, rose to the occasion, has been fighting through the injuries fighting through all of the things that everybody was right about his body is going to take more of a beating and not going to be able to handle it as well assomebody like LeBron James who may never actually push his body to its physical limit when playing basketball with other guys that are no bigger than him.I can guarantee you when an average sized human being like Trey Young bumps against guys like LeBron James who are a couple Sigma from average.There's a different stress on his, on his joints. And I can guarantee you that when I come up against and when Jessica comes up against and when Mark comes up against somebody who is who has been financially successful and retired foryears, somebody who has started and sold companies 10 or 15 years ago to places like Pfizer or or Bio Rad or or applied bio systems is going to be more resilient in a in a battle for for the truth, then somebody who is renting their house somebody who has lost a son during the pandemic somebody who is dependent on the success of of a restaurant.And that's what you're dealing with here. The people who are telling the truth the people who have actually put it all on the line.You're never going to hear from them because this is not a meritocracy this is not like the NBA.It doesn't matter how good we are despite all the odds. That's what makes Trey Young so cool when you watch that video you see Holy Man, that is really a little guy among very big people.And he's doing well, what he does well like what he, it's amazing.And that's really what Jessica Hockett is that's what Mark Kulak is and that's humbly.And that's what I am. Because without my teammates without my kids without my wife supporting us and risking it all and putting it all on the line for this this wouldn't happen.This is not something that, well you know, we're, we're, we're pretty much okay because J sold like five patents while he was working for the University of Pittsburgh.We don't have any money in the bank and we own our house and we live on the on a vineyard or we, we live at the at the foot of a national park or we live on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean in, in a compound or in a, in a, you know,and so I don't care what my husband does in the basement you know he he rants and he goes crazy but you know it doesn't matter because we're okay.There are people on the internet who are in that position who have decided to attack people like Mark and people like myself and make fun of people like Jessica and people like Nick Hudson and and and Jonathan Angler.They, they, they attack those people from a position of comfort from a position of well you could just mind your own business with your hundred thousand followers and your and your mansion and wherever it is.You could just mind your own business, but instead they've gone out of their way to slander us out of their way to misalign us and out of our out of their way to misrepresent our true motives which is just asking questions and wondering why these people that are so brilliant that they've been in front of the Senate multiple times,haven't asked any of these questions seem to slip their mind every time they get a chance to get in front of a mic.And that's what I find most frustrating about this if this was a meritocracy if this was about message if this was about being right or wrong or being able to admit you don't know that none of these people would be where they are none of them.But they're all there.And social media has created this illusion of consensus that they have actually, usefully, move the ball forward in some kind of dissident movement that opposes something what do they oppose.What list of things do they actually oppose that's probably the best question that you could ask any of these people when you're in a meeting with them or you have the chance and their attention on social media what exactly do you think the problem is.What exactly would you say we're doing wrong and how should we go because I'm pretty, I'm pretty clear I think about what I think is wrong. I think that there is an illusion of consensus about the effectiveness of the vaccine schedule, particularly in America.And I think it has become a criminal enterprise. And I think that there are a lot of people who could have said it much more succinctly than they have for the last five or 10 years, and I'm starting to become very, very curious as to why.Because after finally pulling my own head out in 2022, it's only taken me about two years to eclipse all of these previous messages.And some of these, you know, supposedly leading voices that have been there for several years before the pandemic still aren't there and able to, let's say, succinctly elevator pitch their stance.The best they can say is health freedom. The best they can say is free speech.They never say strict liability they never say the prep act they never say Transfection they never say RNA can't pandemic or RNA isn't a pattern integrity those aren't organisms.They don't say any of these things. They instead accept them the novel virus, the millions of people dead, the imperfect but effective Transfection cure, and the fact that it was gain a function so it will come again.The fact that Mother Nature has many more of these and they will come again this is all outside of us frightening fear bullshit stories that they pushed on our parents now they're pushing on us and they want us to push on our kids.And the only way out is for each and every one of us to do the heavy lifting of learning enough of this biology, so that we can't be bullshitted anymore.That's a lot of work for some people.But I do think that I, and some others are are in a position where we can give a real 30,000 foot view of that biology in a way that will allow people to pick and choose what they want to learn in more depth, what they want to check in more depth with more review with more research on their own.But everybody's going to learn need to learn to be a student again, or none of us are going to be able to break out of this mythology that is that is really has a hold on us based on social media.I mean the TV to but the TV is social media now and the TV reports social media.And so intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.No matter how many times people say that, you know, Mr. Cooley is crazy.You will notice that they never address this statement even though I'm telling you night after night after night after night and morning after morning that this is the most important message this is the most important message.If there's anything I want anyone to take away from this if the college kid only came here for five minutes.I want them to read that first statement and have it sink in and then had them go how in the world can he say such a broad generalized statement about immunology is that really possible that no one not one MD, not one representative of the human genome project not one retired pharma exec ever and not as address this basic idea.Wouldn't that be the easiest way to bury me.Oh, there's this thing that he opens up with every time and it's just the dumbest thing ever and I can tell you exactly why it's dumb.You know why they don't say it because it ain't dumb.Because that statement right there is untouchable because this statement in red is absolutely untouchable they will not. They will not touch it because someone like Kevin McKernan, who's who cut his teeth in the human genome project is very well aware that in the English language, specific to bench biology and bench molecularbiology, transfections are real word, and it has a real definition, which includes the technology that they have foisted on on the world and called it in fact, an investigational vaccines he knows that Brett Weinstein knows that because I tried to convince him to start using the word in early 2021 already and for almost nine months on signal.Please just stop calling it vaccine. Did he stop.No.I tried every single person that I've ever talked to since about the end of 2020 stop calling it a vaccine. Just call it a transaction that's why I wrote the review in 2021 to at least have people understand that if you just called it atransfection, you could really get wheels turning in people's mind that don't turn when you call it a vaccine how hard is it to understand that using the right words is important.And what you need to hear, if you haven't heard it is that I've talked to these people face to face on signal on my phone in messages and voice and zoom.And we're in 2024 and none of them, none of them, none of them, still none of them have turned over the leaf of saying well I'm never going to call these things a vaccine again I'm going to make sure I call these things transfections, even if what we think of as vaccinesis going to work. We want to keep that language specific enough so that we know what we're talking about and it can't be confused as people approach, trying to understand this but of course that's not the goal.The goal is not to get people to understand it that's why being precise is exactly what these people don't do.Start with these three things. Start with these three things with Brett Weinstein start with these three things with Chris Martinson start with these three things with with Alex Berenstin start with these three things with Joe Rogan, start with these three three things withAndrews Marinos start with these three things with with Peter McCullough or Pierre Corey or anybody else on the internet and they will walk away ignore or nothing.They will beg you to talk about something else.And the reason why is because this puts all the debates to rest.And who cares.hydroxychloroquine I could give athey're lying ladies and gentlemen and there, if they're not lying, they're ignoring. And that's how you can see it.And I think what's happening is the latest thing that we've done with regard to the, the past few videos we've done is that we've really identified that this not only is this hypothesis excuse me this still can't do it.This maybe I should do with this hand, this hypothesis that we have over here isidentified by almost every detail in the story.Almost every detail that even the meddlers agree on edifies this hypothesis and yet they all ignore it as if it doesn't exist.I've been proposing this hypothesis almost two and a half years ago, maybe three. And if you give credit to the video in May where I still didn't understand clones but kind of said this anyway, I've been proposing this since May 2020,and I think that there could be a hot background and we wouldn't know. In other words, what I've been proposing is simple. That what they say is happening is not likely to have happened and there's lots of other easier explanations for what's happening.It's weird that we have no real way of discerning between these easier explanations like a hot background or a specific test versus the explanation that they gave us which is high fidelity tests and a new virus.Well, because we have no data from before January of 2020. And they have conveniently twisted that around we found out from the staffers of Ron Johnson, for example that that oftentimes still echoes in people's head oh yeah but I think that means then that we just didn't have enough tests so before that that we weren't testing and it was totally going around.Except it didn't kill anybody until they announced it but that's okay because again, it is about this cognitive dissonance where as long as most of the pieces fit I'm just not going to try anymore.And that's how they got you. They got us by lying about it, lying about a million details.Simplifying over simplifying so that millions of details were lost thousands of details were lost and other details that weren't relevant or were were sidebars were focused on.They elevated those people that were focused on the sidebars so that you would never actually get at the heart of what was going on which is that they murdered people they lied about death, they fabricated deaths, and all that rolled into one they lied about and said it was a pandemic of avirus for which we were all vulnerable that we had great high fidelity tests for and that these financial incentives wouldn't bother anybody, and that these new protocols weren't going to hurt anybody, and that all it is really is a novel virus going around, and that although the molecular biology seemsreally ridiculous.We assure you that this is just the way mother nature is and watch it go.The high is designed to invert your sovereignty to to permissions. It's to take away your freedom of your grandchildren. That's really the plan here.So yesterday, we have been working for a while now on trying to sort out this this problematic background biology that, you know, we don't know for sure where where it begins and ends we're not really sure if it goes all the way back to AIDS and farther.We need to figure it all out now we need to revisit it all and some of the ways that I've been doing it is try to revisit these people who have been awarded prizes for the discoveries of these, these things which are somehow all related to the present situation and I'm talking aboutviruses I'm talking about the the enzymes of viruses the the biology of viruses and the methodologies around viruses and then the people who provide the illusion of consensus that these things exist that they exist in this form that they exist in this dogma and that these dogmas are correct and that these experimental results support the idea of these models and so there are a group of old men who have beendogmas are correct and that these experimental results support the idea of these models.And so there are a group of old men who have been given Nobel prizes, whose names includeBob Gallo and Stanley Proussner and David Baltimore, and the people that are aroundthem, like Hillary Koprowski and Stanley Plotkin. And these people all are connectedto the narrative which we can very succinctly express, which people from CHD don't seemto be able to express, that people that have big substacks that covered bears for fouryears don't seem to be able to express, that people who worked for the Human Genome Projectafter dropping out of their PhD program and sold companies for millions of dollars don'tseem to be able to get to. It's not just the idea that these aren't investigational vaccines,but they're transfections. It's getting at the idea that the vaccine schedule in Americais criminal. And I'm trying to be very precise there because I'm trying to challenge peoplewho might be doubtful of this to go and investigate for themselves by just simply taking a stepof like, oh, I don't know, why don't you compare the vaccine schedule in America to the vaccineschedule in any other Western country that you respect? Because it doesn't seem likeany of these dissidents are able to do it. Robert Malone will never do it. Meryl Nassis now fighting the who she's never going to do it. And it's a very simple comparison.How many shots do we give our American children and how early do we give them? How insistentare we? How much do we push them? How many financial incentives are there? And let's lookat Norway, Sweden, the UK. Let's look at at the Netherlands. How many shots do they getin Africa? Ladies and gentlemen, the bottom line is is that giga owned biological. MarkHusatonic at Husatonic it s somebody like Jessica Hockett trying to make something happenon Twitter. We are all capable of very succinctly expressing the things that we are concernedabout Jessica Hockett very succinctly asked questions about what happened in New York Cityand why no one will talk about it. Mark asked questions about why no one will talk aboutthe 500,000 plus people killed by opiates and overdosing in the United States and whyno one will talk about the protocols that don't just include remdesivir and medazelamand all these other things but include high flow nasal oxygen for hours that we've allknown it could be damaging and why aren't we talking about it? And I would like to callit like a lot of other people call attention to the criminal vaccine schedule in Americaand not lose focus by talking about the presidential election or talking about free speech ortalking about I don't know what I want to talk about getting rid of the prep act. Iwant to talk about getting out of the UN and the who I want to talk about strict liabilityfor all pharmaceutical products and I want to talk about why intramuscular injection ofany combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb. Anda lot of these people who write a sub stack every day or two sub stacks every day andshare cartoons every day, they can't speak so succinctly about the problems that we needto address the actual acute problems. It's not Ukraine unless you're talking about themoney going out the window. It's not Israel unless you're talking about the money goingout the window. It's not banks unless you're talking about the money going out the window.It's not the military industrial complex unless you're talking about money going out the windowand the only money that we're supposed to fight about is whether or not we should payfor people's student loans or not. Forget about weaponized piles of money and all thebankruptcies that they engage in in order to gain even more wealth and extract even morewealth. Completely ignore that stuff. Just like they wanted you to argue about the lableak or a natural virus instead of arguing or paying any attention to what these protocolsmight have done in 2020 or 2021. All doctors were distracted by the same story, the sameillusion of consensus on the screen that we should argue about questions that we're nevergoing to get at the heart of the lie. I think we really need to reconsider the possibilityto actually take seriously the possibility that a lot of this biology has been distortedand misrepresented as being exclusively virology. That's what really gets me fired up is I reallythink, and I noticed this already too late, but this yellow for some reason bleeds throughthe green screen so I hope it's not too annoying, but I'm going to keep my tray jersey on. Icetray. What I wanted to say was just to recover what we did yesterday with regard to the classificationof viruses and what it really means. The Baltimore classification of viruses is what I'm referringto. The term Baltimore classification is used because they're the first people to have putit together. For me, that's actually kind of an interesting statement to make becauseit's not necessarily a great idea. I want to emphasize why I think it's not a great idea.This comes from what happened yesterday. If you didn't see yesterday's stream, I wouldsuggest watch it first and take it with a grain of salt. Of course, I'm not suggestingthat I know for sure any of the alternative biological ideas that I presented in thatvideo. I just thought it was very interesting. Let me first start with the Baltimore classificationis the idea that there are many viruses. There are DNA viruses and there are RNA virusesand there are many different various kinds of actually six different kinds of virusesand they all have various pathways with whatever that lead to mRNA and then the mRNA can betranslated to proteins. Now, the idea is, did I just spell proteins wrong? I did, didn'tI? No, I didn't. Oh, wow, my brain just had a complete dyslexic event there. Anyway, theidea is that there are one, two, three, four, five, six kinds of viruses. Two of them useDNA and four of them use RNA and I'm smearing my ink all over the place while I look likean amateur here and my handwriting is terrible. The point being here, the Baltimore classificationis a virology genetics chart and it's the idea is that there are two DNA virus types,there are four RNA virus types and they differ based on the form of their genetic material.So there's a single stranded DNA, double stranded DNA, double stranded RNA, positive, negativeand something else. I don't know, maybe it's positive, negative. I don't remember, it doesn'tmatter. There's six kinds of viruses and they all have different ways of getting to mRNAand two of these pathways and I won't bother to draw it out directly, two of these pathwaysuse reverse transcriptase to go DNA to RNA. So RNA to DNA and then DNA goes back to RNAthrough the cellular machinery to mRNA. So reverse transcriptase is the enzyme that takesRNA and goes back to DNA and so in the same sort of Baltimore classification, I wouldargue that we should have been instead, we should do the Cooie classification or theCooie gene scheme. I don't know what I'm going to call this, this is just me improvisinghere. I might have to open this. The Cooie gene scheme instead, I would like to rathertalk about biology and thinking about biology and so if we think about biology, the traditionalidea is that you go DNA to RNA to protein and this is, see I spelled it right, thisis the traditional basic biology 101, DNA translated to RNA, translated to protein andthat would be the way that I would explain it to my kid or you would explain it to afirst grader and so DNA is the genetic material, this would be like the printer instructionsand then somewhere in here is the ribosome and that's the printer and now Mark and myselfkind of agree on the idea that the ribosome is the key. More than anything else, theywant to understand the ribosome. The ribosome is actually RNA plus protein so it's a ribonucleicacid protein enzyme machine. It makes it very cool. There's lots of subunits and so it'snot going to be something that's going to be figured out anytime soon because of coursethere's transfer RNAs and there's different variants and yada yada yada, there's thousandsof them in every cell but this is the interesting part because as you'll hear in a wide varietyof TED talks, you are all basically proteins. The proteins are all the machines in yourbody, the ribosomes are RNA plus protein but they're also the most important machinein your body. Now the interesting thing about molecular biology is that enzymes are kindof like tools in the toolbox and our ability to dissect molecular biology depends on thetools in the toolbox so we started out with very few tools in the toolbox other than theability to chemically identify for example RNA or DNA or proteins and analyze them, purifythem, sequence them was very difficult. Then we found tools like DNA polymerase which isan enzyme that can copy DNA and so once we were able to get our hands on this tool thenwe could do stuff that we couldn't do before. Another tool that was very interesting ofcourse is this tool up here, the reverse transcriptase. Reverse transcriptase allows us to go thisway and so reverse transcriptase allowed us to take the RNA in a cell or the RNA in asample or the RNA in a blood or wherever we found it and make DNA of it and then DNA oncewe get that we can make a lot of it you see because we had RNA, DNA polymerase so thistool combines very well with this tool to do a lot of things in molecular biology. Nowwhat I need you to understand is that this thing right here that contains this wholesequence here, this is like a motorcycle, okay? This is the motorcycle and in tryingto understand the motorcycle we have very limited set of tools. This might be for examplea Phillips screwdriver and DNA polymerase might be a Torx wrench with a couple driverson it but that doesn't mean that we understand how the motorcycle goes. We know the smokecomes out the end, we know that when you turn the handle it revs up and it goes really fastand you can shift it and whatever but this screwdriver allows us to take the quarterpanel or the side panel off, allows us to take the faring off, it allows us to removethe starter but we still don't know how the starter works. We have no idea it's an internalcombustion engine, we have no idea that there's gas in the tank and that it's being slowlycombusted to make the noise. We have nothing because we were just given the motorcycle,we ride around on it and now we've been given a couple tools and we've been we're tryingto figure out how it works with no knowledge, none, no knowledge at all. Just that it makesnoise and it goes fast and it's really fun to ride and we have this screwdriver anda wrench. Now what I find very interesting is that for this wrench right here, the reversetranscriptase wrench, somebody got the Nobel Prize for that one and what that does againis it allows it to go backwards so we're going reverse transcriptase allows us to go backwardsfrom RNA to DNA, nobody got a Nobel Prize for RNA polymerase or even though our DNA polymeraseeven though that's also an interesting discovery, a very neat machine. Interestingly, virusesare actually exclusively have the sort of, how do you say it, they have the monopolyon all of the enzymes that work on RNA, they have a monopoly it says right here, they'reall viruses, all four RNA virus types have a monopoly on, it's weird, they have a monopolyon, oh yeah, that's a retro virus. So the fourth kind of RNA virus is a retro virus.So they convert their RNA, they convert it to DNA first, then that DNA gets convertedto RNA and then gets translated to protein. So the sixth kind of RNA virus is a retrovirus and then you have positive strand RNA, negative strand RNA and double stranded RNAviruses. I knew I would get there eventually if I just kept talking. So the point is thatwe don't and we will not anytime soon be able to adequately understand with high fidelitythe DNA RNA protein with ribosomes in the middle sort of machinery. That's a lost causethat's not going to happen anytime soon given the approach that we are taking and giventhe amount of exaggeration and lies we are telling. The vast majority of people are noteven investigating any of the meaningful working parts here, but instead are just doing smalllittle things like turning screws, loosening bolts and the motorcycle behaves a littledifferently but essentially it's still working. So I guess we understand. And so what I findvery interesting is that all of these proteins, sorry, all of these enzymes, the machinerythat supposedly allows all these different forms of aberrant RNA signals to propagatein nature are the exclusive domain of viruses. Even though I think most people would agreethat mammals, primates and humans in particular are kind of a the culminating species or speciesset of evolution. We are the most complicated life forms on the planet. I mean, who elsewould you argue is more complicated than us than mammals? I mean, what I mean, I'm notsaying that we're more complicated than a dolphin or that we're more complicated thanorangutan. I'm saying that though that level of of species is as good as it's gotten sofar after however much time has happened, however much creation has exist, that that'sthe that's the that's the ultimate machine, right? So if we're the ultimate pattern integrity,how is it that our machinery is limited to copying DNA and also reading DNA and RNA andreading RNA into proteins? That's all we can do. But these viruses that according to DavidBaltimore needed cells before they could even exist somehow have the monopoly on all thesemagic enzymes that we don't have all different ways of creatively using these different typesof genetic signals. They can do all kinds of creative stuff with them. But us, you know,mammals, with all our complexity are just limited to DNA, RNA and protein and in thatdirection only. And the crazy thing about that ridiculous statement is that reverse transcriptasewas found in tumor exosomes. So it was essentially an endogenous protein that has now been toldto us is in retroviruses like AIDS, and that these are foreign things they are from otherplaces, rather than an aspect of our innate biology, rather than an aspect of our innatehomeostatic system that includes small genetic signals like this, they have told us thatwe use none of them, except when we have cancer, or if we've got AIDS. Other than that, thesethings are all outside of us and fit inside of Baltimore's classification. And in my humbleopinion, as a biologist, the moment that we found any of these enzymes in the wild, weshould have assumed based on the Cooey gene scheme that they must be used as part of ourpattern integrity as well. That they're just another layer of complexity that we have thatwe have grossly underestimated by saying to our children that it's just DNA to RNA toprotein, that we don't make any copies of our RNA, that we don't copy RNA at all, onlyviruses do that and they have four different ways of doing it, but we never, we never copyour RNA. That's the statement that is made by accepting the Baltimore classification ofsix different kinds of viruses that can all do special things with their special enzymes,but we can't. We never do that. Why would we, mammals, regulate our RNA? That would becrazy. Why would we make copies of our RNA? Why would we ever use an RNA dependent RNApolymerase? What a ridiculous statement that would be. According to David Baltimore andVincent Rack and Yellow, only viruses have those special enzymes. And once you startto see the ridiculousness of that statement and the fact that you have to take their wordfor it, that when they find an RNA polymerase, RNA dependent RNA polymerase, that it is definitelynot yours. It's from a virus and that is the basis for all of this story. It's pretty holyshit. And I don't know how to better explain it other than that, that they have bamboozlesus, including David Baltimore, to accept that all of these special enzymes and all thesespecial ways of manipulating the various forms of genetic material that we, I guess, allagree are important. These special ways are all monopolized by things that aren't evenpattern integrities. We're all evolved in the context of things that aren't even patternintegrities. We're supposed to believe that, that these things that he says couldn't existuntil cells existed are completely independent of the organisms that he says they're obligatepathogens of. There is a magnificent contradiction there, a magnificent contradiction, whichbasically suggests that you can make a cuckoo clock do things like make toast, because theseviruses can come in and do things that we can't do, and they can make us do those things.That we don't have the machinery to do. We don't know how to copy RNA, but man, oh man,if they come around and inject their stuff into us, now we copy RNA and we're forcedto do it. I think I see it, ladies and gentlemen. I bet you dollars to donuts that they're goingto start ignoring us more than they have ever ignored us, because we are so on this. Letme just pull up that video again from yesterday and see if we can't complete that exercisefrom yesterday. Is this on here? Let me see. Where would it be? That would be it. No, that'sa different one. This one. And it's the 29 one. Here we go. I got it. First transcriptase.I'll put it over here. Oh, I got to slide this over. Okay, so this is where we leftoff. I'm just going to tap it back a couple seconds here. So this is the basic schemethat we were talking about a minute ago. And so my argument is, again, here we see tumorcausing RNA viruses, tumor causing RNA viruses. So they found reverse transcriptase insideof and they say tumor causing. But that's not what happened, right? That's the that'sa magic trick and an enchantment that I didn't even see yesterday or I didn't identify yesterday.But even the proof that these these viruses caused the cancer is part of their illusion.This is what started back in the 70s when all this stuff was happening was this ideathat that's Bob Gallo that cancer is caused by viruses. That's not at all what's happeningthere. And in fact, those viruses are probably signaling. It could be a barren signaling,but nonetheless, it's signaling. What I said yesterday in the stream and suggested wasthat these signaling pathways could be very heterogeneous and very small signals in healthand very difficult to discern as independent signals when they're in circulation. And itcould be very, very difficult forever for us to ever penetrate this. And if you talkto the people who have studied exosomes as endogenous signaling, they will tell you thatthat's the challenge that it's a real super highway of of information that it's so variedthat it would be very hard to find patterns with it. But it could be follow me out here.It could be that during a pathogenic state like cancer, these signaling pathways becomemuch more much more homogenized, they become one signal and very loud. And so instead ofall different insects in the background, you just have 30 crickets. And so wow, now youhear them. But if it was only one cricket and 100,000 other different kinds of insects,there would be no pattern of what lives in your backyard, it would just be an assortment,right? And so it would be harder to understand the ecosystem than if it was just cricketsand toads and garter snakes. Now you can kind of understand how they are related to oneanother. And so in the context of trying to understand how the human body, how the mammaliansystem signals within itself and signals between species or between conspecifics, if it'sa signal like that, would be almost impossible. It's curious because there was this guy, Ithink it's Ian Lipkin or or or or another guy, Lipstitch. One of these two guys wasworking on a kind of nano molecular tool set and taking money from the Chinese and it seemedlike basically a nano reader for viruses. But if you understand that the human bodyin health and in disease, the tissues and the immune system are likely communicating usingexosomes, then the application would actually be much more interesting when applied to thatwhere you would start to read the background signal almost like a widespread radio samplingantenna. And so I think it's a very, very interesting idea to to ponder, ponder the idea that thisscheme of DNA and RNA viruses is actually a scheme which hides the fact that mammaliansystems, mammalian animals, bodies engage in a plethora of exosomal communication inhealth and in disease and that they have known it for some time. They actually probably discoveredit accidentally when they infected people, quote unquote, they contaminated people withsimilar signals from related species. And specifically, I'm talking about the possibilitythat monkey exosomes from monkey immune systems or from monkey tissues were injected intohumans and they had the the unexpected outcome of revealing that our own immune system usesretroviruses and if we were to contaminate that system with retroviruses from a relatedspecies, we might actually ruin that system, we might actually damage it. And that's probablywhat happened. That's probably what AIDS is or represents is this discovery. And so it'spossible, ladies and gentlemen, that there are examples where this communication systemof exosomes goes wrong in the gut or elsewhere and we have measles, it's possible. But itis very unlikely, it is extremely unlikely that all of this machinery, all of this biologyis exclusively outside of us and occupies a zone of interest that has nothing to do withpattern integrities but has to do with molecular molecules that sustain themselves. It's justhighly unlikely that this is the truth. This is a mythology that I think really underminesour ability to appreciate the irreducible complexity of ourselves. In other words, ifthis was the truth down here, the kooie gene scheme, where actually the reality is, is thatwe can copy our RNA in certain contexts because we do have RNA dependent RNA polymerases.It would be very scary if our immune system communicates T cell to B cell or or or a cinnaphyllto B cell or a cinnaphyll to T cell using retroviruses. That would be pretty terrifyingto find out that maybe part of the way that we select who we are attracted to is basedon the contents of MHC molecules and the composition of exosomes which we receive when we kissor when we touch. Never mind when we make love. And this would result in a very muchmore complex view of our biology, a more wonderful appreciation of how complicated we are. Andthey do not want us to know that because then that would undermine all of their public healthmodel. It would undermine all of their their value to us. And it would actually restoreour reverence for the sacred. We would start thinking of our bodies and our minds as templesinstead of as as as things to be improved as as things that are imperfect from the startdepending on how we feel or our lived experience. I think that's what's dangerous about theBaltimore classification. I think it's very possible that we have not only reverse transcriptaseworking in certain contexts that we don't understand. We may even have RNA dependent RNA polymerasesthat work in certain contexts that we don't understand. We may even have RNAs which aretransmitted through our body with RNA dependent RNA polymerases in order to make sure thatwhen that RNA reaches its target, that it's just not one molecule that it becomes morethan one molecule. If you send arc RNA from one neuron to another, is that going to besufficient to change anything over there? Are you going to need to also make a few morecopies of that RNA? Or are you going to package a bunch of those RNAs into an exosome andsend it out? And in packaging those RNAs, you had to copy them locally. There are lotsof different scenarios where it's extremely easy for me to imagine why we would use RNAdependent RNA polymerase for local and distance signaling in our bodies in various systems.And yet for some reason or another, not only are they exclusively in viruses, but in allthese cases of different RNA dependent RNA polymerase is needed. No one is one a NobelPrize for those. None of them. None of those discoveries are Nobel Prizes. Nobody givesa shit. And in fact, in this video that we are about to start in all of the times whenhe's had a chance to say RNA dependent RNA polymerases are exclusively in viruses. Hehas not said it. He won't even say RNA dependent RNA polymerase. He will just say polymeraseunless it's reverse transcriptase, then he'll say the whole name. And I see it as a hugered flag. I think this is the heart of the illusion and why there are no viruses is theperfect, perfect trap. Why making fun of these people in that very simplified way is theperfect trap. Do you see it? Let's listen to David Baltimore. Let's finish this video.This is to test whether they might have a polymerase. And as I said, in a few days found what wewere looking for. The reverse transcriptase is an enzyme now that's understood in greatdetail. You can see how the DNA or RNA are threaded through the polymerase from its structure.So let me say a few words about what the discovery of reverse transcription allowed. It allowedvarious kinds of understanding and it allowed various kinds of technology. The understandingwas the understanding that RNA tumor viruses are retroviruses that they reverse transcribetheir genome and integrate it into the host cell. And that really said that cancer wasa consequence of genetic alteration of cells.And so now he's not being very precise here because RNA tumor viruses, as far as he'simplying are from outside the body. They're not exosomes. Be very clear here about thestory that he's telling and he's trying hard not to say any more than he has to becausehe knows it's a big LIE lie.And the other thing is thatif you think about how fast he went through that shit, this should be a pretty big discovery.The RNA tumor viruses were renamed retroviruses, but they're not from outside. They were discoveredin tumors coming from tumors. They are endogenous signals. This is ridiculous. If they causethe cancer, then when they're releasing these retroviruses, wouldn't you have to stay awayfrom people with cancer? It's just ridiculous. And yet he's going to go through it like it'sjust, yeah, that's the way it is. We found viruses associated with cancer. We made thisgreat discovery and now we're going to talk about AIDS because AIDS also has a ret--is a retrovirus. And it comes from monkeys, from bush meat, right? Brett Weinstein? Holycow, do you see it?And the other thing is that reverse transcription allowed biotechnologists to capture the geneticinformation. See, now this is why I wanted to do that intro, which was so-- what's theworst piece of paper I've ever put ink on. It looks terrible, but I'm actually betterwriting when I'm not talking, so that's why it looks so bad. But the real point to makeabout that is that if we think about life on Earth in general and trying to understandhow life on Earth exists as a pattern integrity, we would be trying in earnest to understandcommon mechanisms that are present with regard to DNA, RNA, ribosomes, and protein productionand all the steps and various ways in which that could be regulated, how it could be altered,how it could be changed, how it expresses itself in a complex way. And yet for ourselves,we are told that it's DNA to RNA to protein and that one of the proteins that's reallyimportant are antibodies. We are told that there are viruses everywhere, but don't focuson bacteriophages even though we have a symbiotic relationship with bacteria in our skin, inour lungs, and in our gut. Don't worry about bacteriophages, we don't need to talk aboutthem at all. Never mind that reverse transcriptase was found in exosomes coming from tumors.Think of all of these things in the Baltimore classification as viruses being outside ofyou. That's the enchantment, ladies and gentlemen. That's the enchantment. It's not to say thatthere are not aberrant signals at this regime that can cause disease. It's very possible,especially if, especially if, listen carefully, your body does signal using these signals.If your body does signal using retroviruses, if your body does signal using exosomes withRNA and an RNA dependent RNA polymerase in it, that are not only as our biology more complicated,not only as our immune response more complicated, but it is actually impossibly complicatedrelative to their understanding of it. And they have no ground to stand on them. Thissimple idea is falling apart right before your eyes. And this guy gave this lecture in 2018right before the pandemic just to lay the foundation. They made two different versionsof it, a simple one and a longer one. And I think this is the thing that's going to fallapart. This is where biology falls apart right here. The Baltimore classification scheme.It's not that there are no viruses unless you're very precise and say viruses as this ubiquitousthing in nature outside of us, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of pathogenic signals.That's a lie. If you then stated that instead there's this unbelievably hot background ofexosomic signaling that involves DNA and RNA and various proteins that that can amplifyRNA and DNA copy amp DNA, it causes integration. These signals are everywhere. There are signalslike this in the regime of bacteria. There are signals like this in the regime of fungiof plants and of mammals and of insects. And this level of complexity is so deep that theonly thing you can do is stand back and appreciate it, try to measure it, maybe try to look atit, but not to understand it as exclusively outside of you is really absolutely and totallywrong. It's incorrect and it's a lie. And it's what's scarier is the idea that whatthey're implying is a fraction, right? So even if some of these people would give itto me, what they would say, and this would be like a pie diagram, right? For the, comeon, Penn, here we go. Come on, Penn, don't fail me now because this is the reason whyyou're a cheap pen. You see the difference between a cheap pen and a not cheap pen isthat this one, for example, it's nib will not hold ink at all. And if you stop writing,it will dry like, Oh my gosh, are you kidding me? Now watch this. Here's another pen thatI haven't touched in weeks. We're just gonna get that pen out. It's got a much nicer niband it's gonna write immediately. So in case you're worried about, about fountain pens,my first advice would be just stick with with with regular pens and you'll never have thisproblem. But if you really like to write and draw and you get into fountain pens by oneadvice would be don't waste any time with cheap nibs. The most important thing is thetip. So if we look, Oh, look at that thing writes right away. How surprising is that?So if we make two pie diagrams and we say this is the TV and this is Cooey, then we mightput pathogenic viruses right here. Maybe there are sometimes when the exosomal signalingof mammals and other animals can be aberrant. And so for example, if you inject people withexosomes from other primates, you might cause disease that that might fit in here. If youate the brains of some animal, you might you might you might get in here where some ofthese exosomal signaling mechanisms might go wrong in you. That's possible. But the vastmajority of this stuff is just endogenous signaling that we can't really understand because itnot only comes from us, but it comes from everywhere, including all of the bacteria thatare in our world and have bacterophages that are sending signals in this same regime. TheTV on the other hand, would like you to believe that all of those signals are are barely anything.And most of those are actually RNA retroviruses, right? And some of those are kind of likeaids or or or associated with with tumors. And then everything else is Mother Nature'spathogens. And now my argument here, and again, I apologize for the worst graphics in thehistory of the show. But my argument here is that this difference in the representationin the illusion of consensus about what's real and what's not is very, very stark. RobertMalone would would ascribe to this Merrill Nass would ascribe to this. Robert F. KennedyJr. would ascribe to this Peter McCullough would probably ascribe to this. There arelots of people who would say yes, the pathogen catalog is is worth two volumes. And the exoexosomal communication is worth a sliver and barely relevant here. Whereas I wouldargue and I think any biologist that actually has read into this would understand that ifall living beings, including bacteria and fungi are accepted to send out exosomal signalsto to use these signals, both for themselves and to communicate, that it would be veryimpossible to adequately assess the total fraction of this signaling regime that ispathogenic, but it is not all of it. It's not the vast majority of it. And somewherein here in the TV thing, of course, is gain a function stuff, which could be even moreextra deadly viruses out here that would have never existed in Mother Nature if we didn'tcreate them. And those don't exist in this scheme. They don't exist in this scheme. Becauseagain, evolution has existed in the context of this communication for millennia. And sowe're very robust in terms of the limited ways in which this thing could go pathogenic.And we're very resilient to it. The TV would like you to believe that we have almost noresistance to any of these pathogens until we see them for the first time. There areno common mechanisms shared with our previous ancestors that that encountered their previousancestors of this bat round signal. And that assumption is based on the idea that exosomalsignaling doesn't really exist. It doesn't it doesn't happen in the TV biology. It'sjust all outside of us. And the fact of the matter is there is an endogenous signal forall of these organisms from bacteria all the way up to us. And that endogenous signal needsto be ignored in order for the model of pathogens to exist. In order for the Baltimore classificationscheme to be worthy of textbook pages, you have to ignore the fact that all organismsknown on the planet use exosomes or some form of short and long term genetic communicationthat could be classified and under an umbrella term exosome a small membrane bound geneticsignal. I mean, they make them. And this scheme needs you to accept that they don't they don'tmake any of these signals. These signals are all from outside of us. I know that this ismaybe beating a dead horse, but I think this is the breakthrough that happened yesterday,the really important bridge that we can now express the incredulousness that we can nowexpress really do you really believe that RNA dependent RNA polymerases are exclusivelythe the tools of viruses in the wild that we don't have any of these kinds of tools.Do you really believe that reverse transcriptase is only used by retroviruses that are in thewild that we can only get from bush meat? Do you really believe that? And that somehowthey only show up when we have a tumor and that Howard Temin is just dead for nothing?From individual genes as messenger RNA that was reverse transcribed in the laboratory.And that became a central methodology of biotechnology. There is. We all. And so again, what I'm emphasizingto you is that what virology does is it covers up for the limited toolbox that molecularbiology has and gives them excuses to to experiment on it without us knowing what they're doing.We have absolutely no clue. No one on the planet except for people watching this show rightnow will think today. Hmm. I wonder if any of these viral enzymes have any role in mammals.I wonder if these enzymes have any role in plants in fungi or in insects or in reptilesand amphibians. I guess not. They're just all viruses. I guess all these other complicatedlife forms on the planet like reptiles, amphibians, birds, mammals, even bacteria. We don't wedon't bother with any of this other fancy enzymes, you know, like RNA dependent RNA polymerases.We don't bother to copy RNA. That would be crazy. We don't use RNA for anything otherthan internal signaling to go from the nucleus to the ribosome and make some protein. That'sit. That's how simple you are. And that's what makes you vulnerable to all these incrediblydiverse virology things. I think I see it. I think I see through this bullshit. And Ithink that is the main bullshit that somehow or another, we are very simple in our geneticways and that these viruses have evolved all kinds of things that they can bypass our verysophisticated ways or our very simple ways. Excuse me. It's extraordinary. And how littlethey have learned in the past 30 years, they have been right about this shit since theyfound it. It's not really changed. The model has not changed in that time. You know, theyhaven't learned anything new. They were right from the beginning.So learn from work on the structure of the human genome that as much as 45% of the humangenome arose by reverse transcription over historic time.So again, now they're trying to say to you that it happens, but it's still outside ofyou. Reverse transcription is something that happens despite us.Only by the copying of mobile genetic elements, which are like viruses, except they don'thave an extra cellular existence. They simply are part of cellular life.Oh, so you're telling me that the cuckoo clock does make cuckoo clock noises. I see. They'rejust part of regular cellular life. So what if there is also an RNA dependent RNA polymerasewith an RNA that can be produced by one cell and sent to another cell so that that cellmakes a few more copies of that RNA and makes the protein that it codes for?Why wouldn't that be something that we would have inside of our infinitely complex patternintegrity of a body? I don't think bunkminster fuller would think that was a crazy idea.I don't think any biologist with an imagination would think that, oh, wow, look what I foundin this little cell culture. I'm sure it's exclusive to what I found in the cell culture.This enzyme is exclusive to what I've just found in the cell culture. There's no wayI would ever look for this enzyme inside of us. That would be stupid, obviously, becauseI learned already in Biology 101 that we're just DNA to RNA through a ribosome to protein.None of these other things happen inside of us. That's just viruses. Oh, I'm going tokeep repeating this until I'm blue in the face because I think it's so right.And finally, the discovery of reverse transcription set the base for 10 years later, the discoveryof that the AIDS epidemic was being caused by the spread of a virus, HIV.And there is where we see what Elena Papadopoulos or whatever told us was that actually thepresence of reverse transcription was the primary indicator of the presence of the AIDSvirus. It's true. Just like testing for the antibodies is how they told you you had AIDSfor many, many years. Doing an in vitro assay for reverse transcription was one of the primaryways that people like David Baltimore demonstrated the presence of a retro virus. Do you understandthat? That a cell culture cannot express reverse transcriptase. It's not possible. They'veruled it out. We don't have it. It doesn't work except for a tumor viruses where theyfound it where Howard Teman and David Baltimore both found it where Howard Teman had workedfor years and years to find it. And then David Baltimore because he was a molecular biologista pretty easy experiment for him to do. So he practically scooped him in a couple ofweeks. And now for some reason or another, the guy who scooped the dude who worked veryhard to find that reverse transcription happened in tumor viruses, tumor exosomes, that guy'sdead. And the guy who scooped him in about two weeks because as he said, well, I'm goingto, you know, for me, it was a real easy experiment. So I just did it. And I did it. He's now theguy who got the Nobel Prize and the guy who's still alive and the guy who's still tellingus right before the pandemic that this is the way viruses work right before an RNA pandemic.I wouldn't know about Howard Teman if it wasn't for my friend Mark Kulak. I wouldn't know aboutStanley Plotkin if it wasn't for my friend Mark Kulak. I wouldn't know who Hillary Koprowskywas if it wasn't for my friend Mark Kulak. I would have had no idea who Sina Vavari wasor why him writing a paper with Allison to Torah would be interesting in 2019 if it wasn'tfor my friend Mark Kulak. And I don't think very many people on the planet right now allowme to dunk for a second would have any have approached this with this concept of, Hey,wait a minute, why would none of these RNA enzymes even get an award? Why is it thatthis guy won't even say RNA dependent RNA polymerase? Why is it that he won't say exosomalsignaling in 2018 when we know there was a whole I mean, we know the NIH made a wholelittle video set about exosomal signaling and how ubiquitous it was. Why doesn't he evertalk about bacteriophages except for when he wants to prove to you that there are virusesthen he shows you a bacteriophage experiment. But when it comes to pandemics when it comesto sickness when it comes to illness, it's only viruses outside of you can't be exosomesand it can't be bacteriophages. Not one human condition is caused by bacteriophages. Canyou believe that? Is that even possible? Given what we now accept as a symbiotic relationshipwith our with our gut that has to do with neuronal communication through the vagus nervethat has to do with interaction with the immune system in in payers patches where the bacteriaactually goes in for a little while every night. How are we really to believe that noneof these conditions that we experience as sickness can be caused by bacteriophages reallythat bacteriophages are just something that are there that prove that there's somethingthere that we can use as you know, we we use this we found this this methodology works.So we use it for this to works on bacteriophages. Therefore it must work on these. I thinkthat's really the lie. I think the lie is that we have exosomes in our body from maybeall healthy tissues, but certainly probably from the immune system that either use retrovirusesor RNA viruses RNA viruses that contain an RNA transcript with an RNA dependent RNA polymeraseencoded with it. So that when that little signal hits a cell that cell will not onlyhave RNA, but it'll make a little extra and that express the protein that's there. Thatcould be a very easy way for interferon to be expressed in cells, neighboring cells thatneed to be activated or a way for neighboring cells to up regulate their immediate immuneresponse or signaling regime by sending an RNA dependent RNA polymerase with an RNA signalto your neighboring cells. Also to put it into circulation to activate an immune responsewould not be a crazy concept. And yet somehow or another, they want you to believe the onlytime that exosomes are present are when you have cancer. And then they are they are signalingand causing the cancer. But otherwise they're not there at all. And otherwise all thesesignals come from outside. And that incredible simplification involves ignoring everythingthat we suspect about ourselves as being this irreducibly complex, magnificent creation.It's extraordinary, ladies and gentlemen, because I think this is where it breaks. Thisis the break right here. And this I think this this much more nuanced take on the lieis the kind of thing that the no virus stance was meant to prevent people from reaching.If you say that there are just no viruses and they're lying and you focus on isolationand you focus on purification, you're never going to get to this where you fully understandthat no, they have taken parts of our own irreducible complexity, our own sacred biologyand told us a lie that this sacredness exists outside of us. And instead of being part ofour sacredness is actually pathogenic. It's actually part of the world's resistance toour existence, part of the Garden of Eden condemnation of ourselves. It's a lie. It'sjust a lie. It's a lie meant to confuse our children. It is a lie meant to reverse oursovereignty or invert it. And it's a lie that a very small number of old men are guiltyof telling us and I think he knows it. I do. I think David Baltimore has known that thislie existed for as long as Tony Fauci and as long as Bob Gallo and as long as StanleyPrusner have known that these are lies. They are lies about our sacred biology in orderto disguise an effort to control us, an effort to reign our growth in, to find a way of governingus as farm animals, basically, treating us as experiments. And it's not even us, right?This was a multi-generational game. It's not for us. It's not even for our kids. It'sfor our kids' kids. And the opening that we have right now is that people like DavidBaltimore aren't going to live forever. And when they're gone, there are people that areless capable of sustaining this lie because the illusion is sustained partially by theseold men and their collective chorus together. Because they're lies. They can't cover upthe lies once they're gone. People can repeat their experiments and debunk them. And whenthey're not there to speak up, who will? You see it? It's coming very soon. It's comingright now. It's already happening right now. They're trying to put new people in front.And those new people are dropping the ball as we speak. There's nobody that can takethis mantle because even if this guy were to dare to do an interview with me, whichhe won't, the people that the surrogates that they're putting in front of these peopleto try and put a lid on this discussion, the surrogates have only two choices. They eitherhave to be extreme, no virus people, or they have to be extreme virus people. And so thetwo kinds of people that have opposed this idea since we proposed it in general termshave been the no virus people and have been people from the the the extreme molecularbiology like like buckholz and and Kevin McKernan. And so for me, it's just it's just moremore support for the idea that what giga ohm biological has done what Mark Kulak and whatJessica Hockett and Nick Hudson and and Jonathan Engler and the few people who have been reallyrepeating over and over again, what happened in 2020? What were you doing in 2020? Why didn'tyou say this in 2020? What in the world went on in 2020? What in the world went on in 2020?The only people that are asking that are the people that you can't see that you can't hearthat are not amplified that are not getting anywhere. The only people who don't want toforget 2020 are us. Everybody else wants to forget 2020. I've got David Baltimore wantsyou to forget 2020. Tony Fauci wants you to forget 2020. Rand Paul wants you to forget2020. The only thing they want you to think about in 2020 was the theater, the acting,the lab leak cover up. Now you can talk about that all you want. But if you scrutinize whatall these people were doing in 2020, you will find liars. You will find people who seatedthe worst case scenario about a lab leak about it about it can't let this go endemic thatwe've got to go for zero COVID that we need 60 days lockdown. How many of these peoplehave ever visited the Pope? How many of these people are connected to the Vatican? How manyof these people are connected to weaponized piles of money? Once you ask questions likethat, you see that they all are. None of these people are putting their family and theirlivelihoods on the line. None of these people have lost a job, actually. None of these peoplehave actually lost a house. They've even lied about losing houses that they actually soldfor a profit. That's the depth and the breadth of this operation. These people are governingus by lies and it was before the pandemic. That's why lying about the pandemic isn'tas extreme as you might assume it would be. They were lying before the pandemic. So tocontinue to lie into the pandemic is not that big a deal. It's just the same shtickbecause it's part of the same governing structure. The only way you could get this guy to makesuch a lame video like this and to edit it twice would be because they knew they hadto set this up just like they were setting up the lady from MIT to give lectures aboutprions. Because all of this biology needed to be in place, needed to be well understoodamongst the academicians out there so that if they had questions they could find thesevideos. And so that other creators could make their own videos about their certainty aboutprions and their certainty about the spike protein and their certainty about the novelcoronavirus. That's why this was made in 2018. It wasn't for educational purposes. It waspart of the setup. Make no mistake about it. They put hundreds and hundreds of videosout there as part of the setup. They put tens if not hundreds of creators out there as partof the setup and the ones that caught on were supported. The ones that did not caught onmaybe they weren't. But they put a lot of extra out there and whatever stuck to thewall they went with. All kinds of worst case scenario actors. Tenured ones and non-tenuredones. Fringe and non-fringe everywhere. You cannot underestimate how many people theyset up in order to make sure that regardless of where the narrative went they would gowhere they wanted it to go with people that either went along or were censored enough sothat nobody saw them. And I think if you look at my personal track record, I don't knowfor just having a random stream here this morning, if you look at my personal trackrecord I think what's best about it is that you can see that there were very particularmeddlers that tried to co-opt me. Tried to make sure that I stayed on the lab leak narrative.That I got really excited about the lab leak cover up. And I bought it hook, line, andsinker for a very long time because they were very good at stroking my ego. They were verygood at pretending that there were rivalries within this discussion that I was aware ofor participating in. And people arguing and then "Wow, I've got to choose which one ofthese two guys is right and now I think I'm going to be friends with this guy becauseI don't like what this guy said." They did that to me behind the scenes. Not on socialmedia out in front but in signal chats where people would argue about what I said and thenstorm out of the signal chat saying that nobody's listening to me. And then I would have todecide whether I liked those people in the signal chat or the guy that just left. Andif I chose the guy that I just left with then that guy would become my friend for a littlewhile and treat me and lead me down another path and waste my time with another thinguntil suddenly I questioned that and then he would go online and say that I was an idiotor block me. And that happened a lot. And I think a lot of these people got played likethat. I think Peter McCullough is one of these people who basically can't tell you how manytimes he had a meeting with somebody who told him he got no choice. That's why he looksscared. That's why he looks upset. That's why he looks stressed because at first hesaid okay I'll go along with it because it's worst case scenario and I don't know if worstcase scenario is real or not. But once he figured out that they were lying about worstcase scenario and how motivated they were to make sure that worst case scenario set inand how much damage it was doing and how much they were willing to lie about it he startedto have second thoughts but where do you go? Where is he supposed to go when he's alreadyin front of everybody when they can make a phone call and say hey Peter you better geton that podcast or you know you know that guy in Canada named Plummer? You should lookhim up. Would hate to have you fall on a sidewalk. That's the kind of stuff that we're dealingwith here. This is a national security issue and they will pull out all stops in orderto make sure that we have complete compliance with the acceptance of what happened justlike after 9/11. There will be no tolerating alternative narratives and any alternativenarrative will either be controlled opposition or it will be completely banished from consciousnessand only released when it's time. So when we are dealing with the controlled demolitionof America I think that's what you're now seeing is that this narrative was intendedto be used as part of the demolition of America and the fact that they've lost control ofthe narrative that they have not succeeded in getting us where they needed us to getso that we could get to the next place. They are in big trouble. They are off the scriptand if we continue to push like we're pushing now and we continue to learn how to articulatethe right questions which for example might be where does exosomal communication fit inthe scheme of Baltimore viruses? Where is it? Where do bacteriophages fit in the schemeof Baltimore viruses? How many bacteriophage types are there in terms of the six kindsof viruses? All these questions are questions that are relevant to ask anybody that openstheir mouth and says that they know something about viruses. You know if you worked forthe human genome project all these years and now you have a cannabis sequencing companyand you also claim to know all kinds of things about coronaviruses I'm kind of sketched out.I don't think that's true. I think it's really weird that you would even care. Never mindthat you would attack someone to discredit someone to try to interfere with their relationshipwith their employer despite having millions of dollars in your family and multiple companiesbetween you and your brothers and a house on one of the most expensive plots of landin America. That person actually chose to use their time and energy on social mediato attack someone who's renting their house in Pittsburgh and wants to talk about someof the alternative possibilities that this biology might represent. You could just ignoreme. You could just go play with your ten thousand dollar cats but instead he chose to blockme on Twitter and then attack me on Twitter then to call and complain at my employer.And about what? That I was questioning the dogma of viruses that I was questioning thefidelity of RNA virology? Think about that. And now that person has been in front of theUnited States Senate talking about DNA contamination along with his buddies, the Robert Malone'sand the Harvey Reiches and the Pierre Cori's and the Jessica Roses that have all done verywell in terms of financial independence, world travel, fame and fortune during the courseof the pandemic despite not really doing anything, despite not really accomplishing anything,despite not giving any solutions to anyone, despite just getting a lot of money. They'venot lost any jobs. If they did, they lost a job and then started a business and nowthat business is hopping. I'm still relying on a guy by the name of Greg James to be generousenough to give me another donation in a month or or Stephen Cohen to give me another donationin a month. I've got like two or three people that my family relies on their generosity aloneand then about 100 people that that give me maybe $10 a month. And that's it. I don'thave 35,000 or 55,000 or 100,000 subscribers on substack give me $5 each. I don't havea wellness company paying me to plug their their emergency kit. I don't have an energydrink. I don't have anything. Mark doesn't have that. Mark is supported by his viewers.What you need to see, ladies and gentlemen is this is the time right now where we needto rise up and we need to choose who we elevate. And yes, I am arguing that we should startelevating actually working hard to get the gig alone biological stream to be financiallysuccessful. Not just for my family and because I like doing what I'm doing, but because we'redoing what's right because we're saying what needs to be said. And if we're going to beresilient enough to keep saying it in the coming months and the coming years, then we'regoing to need to be a hell of a lot more than a family of five who can barely make rentwhen we're up against people that can travel the world when we're up against people wholive in multiple countries with multiple passports and that can go to Oslo to promotetheir book because it just got translated into Norwegian that can go on on on cruisesoff the coast of Turkey to discuss the strategy with other dissidents whose husband and wifehave been in and out of the the biosecurity apparatus for 20 years and now claim to besome kind of conservative Patriots. They're all liars. And there are very, very few peoplereally fighting for our grandchildren around the world. My message the other day was thatAmericans have to fight for America and Dutch have to fight for NATO land and and Englishpeople have to fight for England and that Canadians have to fight for Canada. And that'sdefinitely true. It doesn't mean we can't all support each other. It doesn't mean wecan't all talk to one another, but it does mean that there's not a lot I can do to helpCanadians other than to say go get them. There's not a lot I can do to Dutch people than tosay kamador. There's not a lot I can say to the people in South Africa except for youknow should support Nick Hudson. And there's not a lot I can say to Americans except youshould listen to Jessica Hockett's questions. You should go to Mark Kulak's website andstart reading and you should share this stream, especially the streams that hit you the hardestbecause these messages, this information and these questions need to be asked, shared andpassed around until they change the world. That's how important this is that the worldsees David Baltimore as the fraud that he is sees the Baltimore classification systemas the fraud that it is and sees the simplification of our own biology as being DNA to RNA througha ribosome to proteins has being a horrible simplification, a malevolent simplificationof our irreducible complexity. I want everyone to see that that is the overarching goal ofgiga ohm biological to restore the reverence for the sacred biology by actually redefiningit to be defining it the right way as to what it really is. Rather than you know we're reallysimple and everything around us is really scary and complicated. No, we are the mostbeautiful and complex expression of a pattern integrity that mother nature has ever conceivedand all the machinery that surrounds us in nature is likely represented in some form insideof our own pattern integrity and that's what makes us so exceptional. We are nature's gainof function. It doesn't get any better than this. We are nature's Swiss watch. So there'sno reason to believe that we don't use jeweled pivots. Only viruses are smart enough to useruby pivots in their watches. We just use quartz. Even though we are the most beautifulthe culmination of millions of years of evolution according to these people. We are very muchless sophisticated than our tiny little pathogenic neighbors the viruses. And that that viruswas a retro virus like the tumor viruses that up to then were the only ones known. So it'sbeen particularly gratifying to me that this discovery has reverberated down through timein so many different ways and it really speaks to the importance of basic research. So welook at the life cycle of a retro virus any retro virus. What it does is to make its wayinto a cell by fusing to the surface. So you see that the very very basic cartoon is thatthis comes from somewhere outside of you and then does this and the only bamboozlementthat needs to be here is that we don't do this. None of our cells do this. They onlydo it when they're forced to do it by a retro virus. A much simpler more parsimonious andbeautiful explanation would be that our own body uses retro viruses and occasionally thereare pathogenic signals erroneous signals in this regime and our body is challenged to avoidthat problem has evolved to avoid that problem. But if you intramuscularly inject retro virusesfrom another species, you might have some problems. But of course that's not here. Thishas nothing to do with how do the retro viruses get in these people. That's just from gaysex and needles. Special needles right needles with vaccines in them I think. But anyway,this is it. This is it right here. This is the start of the cartoon show.This is the cell and popping the core of the virus into the cell itself. There that coreacts as an enzyme to make a DNA copy of the RNA in the virus. That in turn integratesitself.Great question Pamela. What if exposure to a chemical or a toxin causes this signal tobecome pathogenic? That's totally plausible. But we're not going to spend one dime of grantmoney. We're not going to write one grant call about that. We're not going to fund onegrant application that would propose to study that. Of course not.All forming what's called the pro virus and the pro virus then acts as a template to makeproteins to make RNA to make proteins. And those proteins come together to form new virusparticles that butt out from the surface of the cell and become a free living virus lookingfor a new potential host.It's a very interesting life cycle because the virus is actually finding its way intothe chromosomes of the cell, turning itself from a free living virus into genes of thecell. And that is a unique and remarkable way of the virus hiding out, allowing its transmissionfrom one cell to the next cell.He wants you to believe that only viruses can do that. We don't have any machinery thatmight for example be able to take a gene from one T cell and send it to another T cell. Thatwould never happen. That's ridiculous. We wouldn't even want to ask that question. Itcouldn't be that the 30 odd independent cell types in the immune system communicate witha wide variety of RNA viruses and also retro, that would be ridiculous. It wouldn't, itwould, it would be ridiculous to think that any of our healthy tissues would communicatewith retro viruses or with, with RNA by that would be insane.The Baltimore classification system says that the tools necessary for retro viral activityare exclusively outside of us, are exclusively viral. Just like the tools for RNA exosomesare exclusively outside of us. They are, the monopoly is held by RNA viruses. It's justa magnificent, it's a magnificent mythology.So the next cell, without the virus having to do anything, because every time the cellduplicates, it duplicates the pro-viral DNA. Here it is butting off the surface of a cell.And so let me just talk for a minute about how awful the AIDS epidemic has been, howpowerful HIV has been. These are statistics from 2005 and I put them in here because thatwas sort of the peak of the epidemic. By that time 65 million people had been infected allaround the world, the bulk in Africa. There were 25 million who had been killed by thevirus, 40 million people were living with HIV, many in India, many in China.So let's make sure we understand that these are all estimates. They are not that theytested millions of people and confirmed that they had antibodies to AIDS. Keep that inmind.The bulk in Africa, there were at that time 13,000 infections per day, 5 million peopleinfected every year. It was a really devastating epidemic for the world. Now if we look atit now or at 2015 when the last statistics were available, what we see is an epidemicthat is waning some but still really serious. So by now 75 million people have been infected,35 million have been killed and there are still on the order of 40 million people livingwith AIDS. I've shown the 2005 numbers in parentheses. But there are now, as opposedto 2005, 18 million people on anti-retrovirals, chemicals that prevent the growth of retrovirals.I should have like a cha-ching sound for that, like not the ding but like a cash registersound there.And those people are largely very healthy and are also not transmitting virus becausethe virus has been knocked down so effectively. And that's part of the reason why transmissionsare down. So the number of infections is now about 50% of what it was. The number dyingis only 30% of what it was. And these retrovirals are making all the difference. But they'reextremely expensive, even expensive in Africa, although much cheaper than here.Why would they be cheaper in Africa? That's sad. I don't know what to say.And it's increasing the lifespan of people who are infected. It's lowering the infectionrates. But it's not clear that it is the final answer. The final answer would be to makea vaccine that could prevent the transmission of HIV. And we, many, many other people inthe scientific community, are working on finding a way to vaccinate people. But this virus,as opposed to any other virus, has been recalcitrant to our attempts to make a vaccine.So HIV is the classic non-equilibrium virus. It's, as I say, endemic in African monkeys.It got a foothold in the human populations maybe 90 years ago. For a long time it wasfound only in villages in Africa. Then as transportation became more and more.It's weird that Luc Montignier doesn't agree with the idea that you didn't really needto give him retrovirals. You need to give him clean water and nutrition. It's very,very funny. Very, very funny. This is not so cut and dry. And don't forget how manypeople died on weird airplanes that knew stuff about AIDS. Like all of the Dutch expertsin HIV died on one airplane that flew over the Ukraine and got shot. Remember that? That'snot, that's not random. There was also an AIDS expert in Canada who died a rather weirddeath that I think Mark Kulak could tell you a little bit about. There's even a lady whoworked for him that also had like a three antibody cocktail that was working really wellthat somehow just disappeared right before the beginning of the pandemic. There's alot of interesting things out there that are omitted from the big story that there's doublestranded DNA in the shots and we should get mad about it.Commonly used to take people from one continent to another. It seeded other continents andbecame a worldwide epidemic. It grows in one of the key cell types of our immune systemand so it actually knocks out our immune systems and that's why it's a lethal virus.This is I think the main argument that I would use to say that it's very unlikely that ourT cells would be vulnerable to retroviruses unless they used to them. Unless retroviruseswere part of the normal T cell signal and then we expose them to related retrovirusesfrom related species and then that path that that's pathogenic. That I can believe thatcausing some kind of semi-transmissible symptomology disruption of the immune system. I totallycan understand that. That's possible. It's possible, especially if those aberrant signalsend up expressing inside of that host immune system and throw the whole thing off. Thatsignal could be a contaminating signal if you're if you shared blood. I don't see whynot because again we're talking about a retrovirus. If those retrovirus signals are specificallya mechanism by which one T cell can amplify a genetic signal in many other T cells, that'sa pretty powerful way to regulate the immune system that if you just haphazardly exposedit to other related T cell signals from another species, you could permanently screw up thesignaling of someone's immune system so much so that maybe their immune system could screwup the immune system with somebody else's. I don't know. But the idea that these retrovirusesexist separate from us and are capable of sneaking in and doing things to T cells thatthey don't already have the machinery for doesn't make any sense. You can't make a cuckooclock make toast. You can't make a T cell make retroviruses when it doesn't alreadyuse retroviruses for something else that just doesn't make biological sense to me.When it makes a lot more sense that that would be a vulnerability given intramuscular injectionof certain combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune systembeing dumb. Another reason why I don't think they want to go back to that general statementever why none of these cowards that that claim to be arguing with me or debunking me willaddress the main messages of this stream. Because the main messages are untouchable.Transfection is criminally negligent in healthy humans RNA cannot pandemic an intramuscularinjection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immunesystem is just as dumb as it seems. We die of some infection not of HIV infection.Isn't that another argument to say that wow so then why don't we get cancer when we haveAIDS. Why doesn't cancer go bananas when we have AIDS maybe because the T cells aren'treally wiped out. They're down regulated because it's a signal that they kind of understandand have to receive. See it's just it's not the same thing as a pathogen.With that I finished with this discussion of viruses and of HIV.And there it is I saw I didn't even know it was going to end I just finished the discussionof HIV and viruses. Are you sold. Watch the first part from yesterday are you sold. Idon't think I am. I mean it's really it's really very extraordinary where we are becausethat is the extent to which that's the extent to which we are expected to accept this stuff.We are we are intended to accept it at face value. There's the Baltimore classificationsystem. Those enzymes are not found in you. You just have a very simple pathway from DNAto RNA to through a ribosome to proteins and that can go wrong and it can be preons andthat's it. There's nothing more to understand because all the other special ways that DNAand RNA and proteins can come to exist are all monopolized by the scheme of viruses calledthe Baltimore classification system.I'm I'm I'm I'm really convinced that this is not right. I'm really really convincedthat this is not right. And that was not how I was supposed to do those buttons.I think that the principle of informed consent requires understanding and I don't think they'veallowed us to understand what's going on. I think that they have been manipulating ussince the before the pandemic since the early 20s as Edward Bernays so nicely revealed.I think that what they have done is tricked us into solving a mystery about a bad caveor a gain of function virus. And by doing so, we've accepted that a novel virus is responsiblefor all these excess deaths and all this suffering and all these bad decisions when in realitythat mystery was the operation that mystery solving exercise that eventually became froma cartoon to the the the CBS and PBS News Hour. That was the operation that was the mysterysolving operation that got you to accept that there was a novel virus that killed millionsof people and it's that that they are lying about. They are lying about it because whenin reality it wasn't a novel virus, but it was novel protocols. It was fear and uncertaintyand doubt. It was do not resuscitate orders. It was encouraging people to use pulse oximetersthat were sold on Amazon as an indication of whether or not they had the novel virus.They were the use of ventilators to stop spread the lack of antibiotic use because you knowviral pneumonia doesn't respond to it. The use the poor use of steroids, the use of remdesivirand medazolam to confuse and kill the opioid deaths that were allowed to go crazy and toflood our streets with these drugs and not care and all to drive up the all cause mortalityso that they could point to it on TV as being the novel virus and anything that that wasmisconstrued as not being the virus would be said to be the rush or the lockdown orthe crisis or the mistakes that we made and not have anything to do with the financialincentives that caused the fraud in the first place never to do with track and trace andmasks and closures that all implied a danger that wasn't there. Not about the molecularfraud that took place around the world to indicate the spread that was probably justa hot background or a combination of a hot background and bad specificity. We're supposedto exclusively focus now on the botched response and the botched countermeasures and that'swhat these people's job was. That's why they've been touring the world for three or four years.That's why they've been given all these talks with the same people traveling with the samegroups that always seem to be organized by Robert Malone all the time. Every guest listis the Robert Malone guest list and the only time they ever invented ever invited.Denny Rancor was to Romania where no one would hear it. No one would see it and they couldcontrol the response. And so when they came back from Romania they told everybody thatwow Denny Rancor is smart. He seems to think that 17 million people were hurt by the shotand they completely ignore that Denny Rancor also said that there's no evidence of a spreadingrisk additive pathogen which means there was no pandemic. They lied about it. And afterthat months and months later they came in front of the Senate and still told the exactsame story. These people who wrote blog posts about Denny Rancor's data about the shot andignored his data about the lack of spread are still ignoring the data that shows there'sno spreading pathogen in New York or anywhere else. They are ignoring the dominance of protocolsand murder and fraud and misleading numbers and they are exclusively focused on the novelvirus that killed millions of people and the response to it being a mistake. So that youwill accept that RNA can pandemic that you will tell that story to your kids and youwill tell the story that transfection was rushed but it kind of worked and so I'm assumingthat this RSV vaccine or this flu vaccine that they want to give you to get on a collegecampus it probably works. The reality is that transfection was always criminally negligentand it remains so and the reality is that RNA can't pandemic and infectious clones themethodology that's used to create RNA biology as a field in the first place explains howthe lie was created and why they had to have so many aspects of the lie around the worldin order to get away with it. The lie has been codified in books one of which I participatedin writing but if you look at all of the quotes that I have in that book you will find thatthis truth is revealed that they lied about it that they didn't need a virus that theynever needed a virus they always knew it wouldn't work. That's the reality they lied about it.They kidnapped our kids and they lied about it they have had a team worst case scenarioin place since the very beginning to make sure that we would never question the rightthings and that's why this stream is so important that's why this hypothesis is so importantbecause I think they lied about the molecular biology in very understandable and explainableways using very understandable and explainable methodologies to confound a background signalinto a spreading novel pathogen that they knew was not there and if it was there itwas there and placed by them using an infectious clone they've had this plan to invert oursovereignty for quite some time and just very aggressively gone for it. So ladies and gentlementhis is for all the marbles thank you very much for joining me if you want to share thisstream or subscribe you can go to GigaOwnBiological.com. I will probably not be on this afternoonagain but I will definitely be on tomorrow at 10.10 in the morning thank you very muchfor joining me this has been GigaOwnBiological a high resistance low noise information briefbrought to you by a biologist.Thank you.Thank you.Thank you.Thank you.It is it totally is.It's on my cause list. It's right.I'll show you it is totally is going back. There it is right there. Pollsock simulatorsin O2. Do you see it right there? I even have it in different different print because it'sa new addition. It's definitely there. See it. Love you guys. Thanks a lot. See you tomorrow.Yeah it is the lawnmower stream I apologize I think my woman started mowing. She likesthem all along.Yeah.Yeah.